Police are looking for a suspect who they say used an AK-47 in two separate shootings that left one person dead and three wounded.  Police released this surveillance video of both shootings on Friday.  "It's insane, it's totally insane," said Police Commissioner Charles Ramsey.  Commissioner Ramsey described the chilling footage. Two men running for their lives ducking sparks, smoke and chunks of debris as a suspect with a high-powered AK-47 fired wildly at them.  "I mean you think you're looking at Iraq instead of Philadelphia when you look at that. It's crazy, it's absolutely insane," said Comm. Ramsey.  The drama unfolded Saturday, April 13 at the intersection of Venango and Clearfield around 10:57 p.m.  The gunman, wearing a white hoodie, fired 23 rounds at a 36-year-old man and a 19-year-old man.  Both men were later treated and released from Temple University Hospital.  A few days earlier on April 6th, two men were walking down the street at 7th and Venango streets when police say the same man armed with the same AK-47 fired wildly at them.  He fired 22 rounds in all, striking and killing 36-year-old Tyrone Rosser and wounding another man.  Police say the gunman seems to have no regard for what or who he shoots.  "He starts firing at them, but then as he's running away, he's just firing in the air so he's a very dangerous person," said Capt. James Clark.  Police say the weapon used is very lethal and the magazine can hold as many as 30 rounds.  "I'd argue very strongly that this is what you see when you have weapons like this out here on the streets. It has no purpose, no place on the streets of our city," said Comm. Ramsey.  It's unknown if the victims were targeted.  Meanwhile a $30,000 reward is being offered for information that leads to the arrest and conviction of the person responsible.  Anyone with information is asked to contact the Homicide Unit at 215-686-3334.  Tips can also be submitted by calling 215-686-TIPS (8477), texting a tip to PPDTIP (773847) or through PhillyPolice.com.