More Video...  The victim, Specialist Michael Lowery  MANHATTAN, Kan. (WIBW)-- A shooting at a Manhattan apartment complex has left one person dead and three more injured.  Officers responded to the University Gardens Apartments off of Anderson Avenue around 4:10 a.m. Sunday to reports of multiple shots fired.  "When officers arrived on scene, they found multiple victims of gunshot wounds and a single suspect that was taken into custody. There were three victims that were seriously injured and they were transported to medical care facilities and then unfortunately, there was one fatally wounded at the scene," said Riley County Police Department's Public Information Officer Matt Droge.  Specialist Michael T. Lowery, a 22-year-old U.S. Army Soldier of the 4th Brigade Special Troops Battalion Alpha Company at Fort Riley, was found dead at the scene.  Christine Kim, 23, of Junction City, was airlifted to St. Francis Hospital in Wichita for medical treatment. Alexya Mailea, 23, a Kansas State University student, was also transported to St. Francis Hospital.  Dustin Ferguson, 22-year-old U.S. Army Soldier, was also injured and is currently being treated at Mercy Regional Health Center.  Matthew Dennis Wilson, 43, was taken into custody. He was then arrested for murder in the first degree, three charges of attempted murder in the first degree, and aggravated burglary. He is being held on $2 million dollars bond.  28-year-old U.S. Army Soldier Joel Solano, 24-year-old Erica Campos and 1-year-old Elyana Solano were present at the scene during the shooting but were not injured.  Police indicated that Dustin Ferguson and Joel Solano lived in the same apartment together while the suspect, Wilson, lived in a neighboring unit at the complex. The crime scene was centered around that area of the apartment complex and police were still out at the scene Monday.  It’s unclear what sparked the fatal shooting and police remain tight-lipped about what they believe happened but a scattering of evidence markers and bloody clothing were signs of the violence that unfolded. The RCPD would not provide any details on the incident.  "It wasn’t a drive-by shooting or anything that the public needs to worry about in that regard. As far as what it was about, that information I do not have," Officer Droge told WIBW.  Droge said all of the soldiers involved in the incident were in the same unit together at Fort Riley.  A booking photo of Matthew Wilson is not available. The Riley County Police Department does not release mug shots from their jail.