Shootings in Philadelphia left two people dead, one paralyzed and five others wounded Tuesday night. The shootings happened across the city on the unusually warm evening and are not thought to be related. The first incident happened on a crowded Kensington street at about 6 p.m., when a woman was killed and three men were hurt near Somerset and Lee streets. The 20-year-old woman was shot twice in the torso and taken to a hospital, where she was pronounced dead. The three men were hospitalized in stable condition.  The large group had apparently been involved in fighting throughout the day, police said.  Police identified the slain woman as Amanda Martinez (see the Daily News' PhillyConfidential blog for more).  Another homicide was reported at about 11 pm. near 54th and Chestnut streets in West Philadelphia.  Authorities said 18-year-old Marquis Battle was riding his bicycle when he was shot. Police had no information about what led to the shooting.  "We have no description of offenders, no motive at this point," Lt. John Walker of Southwest Detectives told reporters.  Police said they were canvassing the area for witnesses and surveillance cameras, and were hopeful investigators could obtain video footage of the slaying.  "We do have several businesses in that area that do have private surveillance cameras that are actually pointing to the location where we believe the shooting occurred," Chief Inspector Scott Small told reporters. "So hopefully our detectives can get some recordings from these private surveillance cameras."  Another shooting in West Philadelphia paralyzed a man. The incident happened shortly before midnight near North 34th and Mount Vernon streets.  The victim suffered two gun shot wounds to his face and is believed to be paralyzed from the neck down, according to Walker.  Other non-fatal shootings Tuesday night were reported on the 100 block of Raymond Street in Feltonville and West Girard Avenue and North Taney Street near Fairmount. Police confirmed those shootings but said no additional details were available.  Contact Emily Babay at 215-854-2153 or ebabay@philly.com. Follow @emilybabay on Twitter.  Contact the Breaking News Desk at 215-854-2443; BreakingNewsDesk@philly.com. Follow @phillynews on Twitter.