Bodies of four adults found in basement of Ohio townhouse after being shot execution style in the face  The bodies of four adults have been found in the basement of a northeast Ohio townhouse after being shot execution style in the face, according to authorities.    Police say the bodies of two men and two women, appearing to be in their 20s, were discovered around 2.30pm in North Akron on Thursday after a 911 call was placed by a neighbor.    The bodies were all in the home's basement but relatives were told shell casings were discovered on two separate floors, Ohio.com reports.  Mother's lament: April Durham-Gilbert, left, is seen comforted by her ex-husband, Donald Durham, after finding out that their son, Ronald Roberts, was one of four people found shot in the head  Terrifying tragedy: Friends and family sit and wait for more information after the four people believed to be in their 20s were found dead in the townhouse's basement  Unusual: Lt. Rick Edwards of the Akron police takes questions before the townhouses that are part of public housing but said to typically go without problems  Family: Danielle Roberts, Donald Roberts and his wife, hold one another after arriving to the complex and facing the horrifying news  Housing Authority executive director Tony O'Leary said police told his office no weapons were found in the home which is in a public housing complex.    It wasn't clear whether police were looking for any suspects. Ohio.com reports one of the victims was a man named Ronald Roberts.    The father of one of the two men killed described his son as only 26-years old and the father of two of his own children. He begged the killer to come forward.    Photos of the complex showed crime scene tape cordoning off one area as officers canvassed for information about what happened.  Scared: Friends and family of one of the victims identified by local media as Ronald Roberts wait for more information  Clues: Donald Roberts, right, holds his sister, Danielle Roberts, outside the crime scene that left no weapons behind as evidence, according to the Housing Authority executive director  Evidence: Though the bodies were all found in the home's basement relatives were told shell casings were discovered on two separate floors Suspects: It wasn't clear whether police were looking for any suspects as they taped off the crime scene and looked for clues  Among them, men and women held one another in tears as they reacted to the horrific news.    The units, in an older, small complex near a mall are normally quiet and don't have a history of crime, O'Leary said.  