Christine Brennan and Chris Nowinski weigh in on how revelations about Frank Gifford will impact football safety.  How Will the NFL Tackle Its Concussion Crisis?  ABC News' Tom Llamas reports that Carson's trip comes as he has been taking continued heat for his foreign policy comments.  ABC's Jonathan Karl reports on how the Paris attacks will impact the climate change summit.  Can you guess the names of the two turkeys President Obama pardoned?  A combination of research and a court ruling have changed how juveniles convicted of murder will be sentenced.  Psychologists, prosecutors, police weigh in on changes to U.S. justice system  Federal prosecutors are pursuing criminal cases against executives from the Royal Bank of Scotland Group and JPMorgan Chase & Company for allegedly selling flawed mortgage securities. The Wall Street Journal reported the news on Tuesday, citing unnamed sources. According to the newspaper, people familiar with the probes said officials were trying to determine whether the bankers ignored warnings from associates that they were packing too many weak mortgages into investment offerings. Officials are also trying to determine whether they can prove that constituted fraud. If filed, the charges would be among the first pursued against specific employees of the largest Wall Street firms over the housing collapse.  The U.S. Department of Justice has come down hard with criminal charges against USP Labs and SK Laboratories.  The family of a 24-year-old man killed by Minneapolis Police says they want closure -- and justice, reports Kate Raddatz (2:04). WCCO 4 News At 10 – November 18, 2015  Law enforcement sources say Planned Parenthood shooting suspect Robert Dear started talking to investigators almost from the moment he was taken into custody. CBS News justice and homeland security correspondent Jeff Pegues has the latest on the investigation.  Gunfire erupted at an apartment complex in a city south of Seattle and five people were shot to death, including a suspect.  FEDERAL WAY, Wash. (AP) — Gunfire erupted at an apartment complex in a city south of Seattle and five people were shot to death, including a suspect who was shot by arriving officers, police said early Monday.  Officers responding to an emergency call at 9:30 p.m. PDT Sunday at the apartments in Federal Way encountered a chaotic scene, with bullets flying.  "When officers arrived there were still shots being fired," said Federal Way police spokeswoman Cathy Schrock.  They found two wounded men on the ground in a parking lot. One of the men reached for a gun as police moved in to assist the two, she said.  At that point, officers opened fire. The suspect died but police said it wasn't immediately clear if it was from their gunfire.  The other man on the ground and a third man in the parking lot were found dead.  View gallery Police officers stand near evidence markers at the scene of an overnight shooting that left five peo …  In a search of the complex, police found a fourth man dead in one apartment and a slain woman in another unit. Schrock said police were trying to determine if the woman was hit by a stray bullet.  A total of eight officers fired their weapons, Schrock said. All have been placed on administrative leave, per standard policy, as the investigation continues.  There was no immediate word what set off the shooting. Police scheduled a briefing for late Monday morning.  "We still don't have any idea what started this disturbance tonight," Schrock said.  After police flooded the area and carried out searches, authorities said they were confident there were no more casualties from the shooting.  They said they did not think another shooter was on the loose or that there was an immediate threat to the public.  By dawn, a King County medical examiner's office truck arrived at the scene to pick up bodies. Crime scene investigators continued working. One officer was seen carrying books and a gun to what appeared to be an evidence van.  There were no reports of any officers being injured. Names of the five people killed were not immediately available.  Federal Way is about 20 miles south of Seattle.