One man was shot to death and four other people were wounded Saturday night in Levy County when an unknown assailant opened fire during the Crab Festival, a gathering of about 10,000 people from around the Southeast U.S. on County Road 318, east of Williston.  According to Levy County deputies, 36-year-old Barry Barney of Gainesville died while being airlifted to Shands at the University Florida.  Two other men and two women were also wounded, one with serious injuries. Their current condition was not immediately known on Sunday.  Investigators discovered shell casings and other physical evidence at the scene, but there were no suspects in custody as of Sunday evening.  The shooting occurred around 8 p.m. Saturday amid the huge crowd, which included musicians and food vendors, on the road also known as Northeast 40th Street.  Around 70 law enforcement and emergency medical personnel, including around 45 Levy County deputies, were stationed at the event when the shooting occurred. Levy safety officials had pre-staged ambulances and a medical helicopter in the area for the festival.  After hearing the gunshots, deputies and emergency medical personnel went through the crowd on foot and in vehicles to assist the wounded. Ambulances had difficulty reaching the wounded through the dense gathering of people.  “We were, at the most, 50 yards away,” Levy County Sheriff Bobby McCallum said Sunday.  All five victims were located and taken from the festival by law enforcement and emergency medical personnel.  The Crab Festival has had some violence in its history, but this year's gathering was more violent than years past, McCallum said.  “We've had some shots fired and a fight or two or whatever, but we never experienced this,” McCallum said.  The festival originated around 20 years ago as a birthday party and crab boil for several residents of the Lincoln Heights community in east Williston, according to Pastor Johnnie Jones III of Fountain of Life Church.  “Eventually, it just got too big for the cul-de-sac and moved out to the main road,” Jones said.  Jones compared the festival to a tailgating party, with family friendly activities and cultural attractions.  “People from the outside perceive and have styled it as a kind of street festival. But, in all honesty, it's more of a family festival,” Jones said.  This year, Jones worked with McCallum and other community members to try to maintain a safe and positive atmosphere. The Fountain of Life Church hosted kid-friendly activities such as bungee trampolines, a bounce house, horse rides and a stage with music on their 3-acre plot in east Williston.  “It's a family event, a cultural and community event that is sometimes plagued by a violent act or two,” Jones said.  The Levy Sheriff's Office described the festival as “unsanctioned and non-permitted” in a news release.  “Every year it grows and grows,” McCallum said, adding that this year's crowd was the largest ever.  The event is advertised heavily through social media, but information on the event or its happenings is not widely publicized. Sheriff's officials said that no organizations or specific individuals claim to be hosts for the event.  “It's really tough. We just do what we can. You can't put your finger on any one person,” McCallum said.  Anyone with information — especially video or photographs — of the event can call Lt. Scott Tummond at 352-486-5111. For anonymous tips, call Crime Stoppers at 877-349-8477.