The hunt continues for at least two gunmen responsible for a bedtime shooting in Southwest Philadelphia. One woman was a block away when she was hit by flying bullets in her bedroom. NBC10's Monique Braxton is live outside the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania where the victim is recovering. (Published Thursday, May 16, 2013)  A woman, who was simply trying to get ready for bed, and three men were hospitalized after more than two dozen shots rang out Wednesday night.  It all began as a group of people hung out along a Southwest Philadelphia street.  Video Caught on Cam: Baby Falls on Train Tracks  Police say a group of people were hanging out on the 2600 block of Daggett Street around 9:20 p.m. Suddenly, police say, someone took out a gun and fired 27 shots.  A 26-year-old woman getting ready for bed was struck by a stray bullet as she stood in the front bedroom on the second floor of her home nearly a block away. Police say the innocent bystander suffered a graze wound to her head.  4 People Shot in Southwest Philly  Police are on the hunt for the person or people responsible for firing 27 shots and striking four people in Southwest Philly Wednesday night. NBC10's Rosemary Connors has the details. (Published Wednesday, May 15, 2013)  A 20-year-old man was struck in the head while another man, a 19-year-old, was shot in the shoulder. Police say the 20-year-old man was in critical condition, while both the woman and 19-year-old were in stable condition.  Police also say another man was found with a gunshot wound to his chest lying on top of a gun a few blocks away on 61st and Elmwood. He was listed in critical condition.  Video Abortion Doctor Lived in "Squalor": Investigators  All of the victims were taken to the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania.  "It's a nice community, I grew up in this community," said Lieutenant John Walker of the Philadelphia Police Department. "It's really a bunch of good people out here. For these idiots to be firing 27 shots on a beautiful night with people out and kids playing should not be tolerated."  Video Break in '94 Teen Track Star's Brutal Murder  No arrests have been made. If you have any information on this incident, please call Southwest Detectives at 215-686-3183.