SAGINAW, MI — Prosecutors have charged four men in connection with the May 23 quadruple shooting in which a Saginaw teenager died.  While two of the men remain jailed on $1 million bonds and two remain at large, none of the four are charged with killing Tonquinisha “NeNe” McKinley's death or with shooting the other three female victims.  Two of the men, Evellis T. McGee and Karon D. Thomas, are charged with shooting at Saginaw High School student Anterio Patton in the incident at the unofficial Saginaw High School pre-prom gathering about 6 p.m. May 23 at the Florence Event Hall, 100 Florence near Salt on Saginaw's southwest side.  The two others, Isaiah D. Clark and Keon V. Bowens, are charged with possessing a firearm during the incident.  “These four involved were definitely the four that were there,” said Saginaw Police Sgt. Reggie Williams. “These girls were caught in the crossfire. They were not the intended victims, from our understanding.”  Police have said multiple shooters opened fire in the parking lot. McKinley was shot in the head, and Uniqua Wicker, 18, Raven Howard, 19, and Pamela Jordan, 39, were struck and suffered non-life-threatening injures.  McGee, also known as “Veezy,” and Clark, also known as “Zeke,” appeared before Saginaw County District Judge A.T. Frank on Monday, June 3, for arraignment.  McGee, 20, of 348 S. 30th in Buena Vista Township and Thomas, 18, of 167 Vestry in Saginaw both are charged conspiring to commit first-degree murder, with assault with intent to murder, and with four firearm offenses.  Clark, 24, of 405 S. 19th in Saginaw and Bowens, 17, of 2421 Arvin in Saginaw are charged with carrying a dangerous weapon with unlawful intent and possessing a firearm during the commission of a felony. Clark, a parolee, also is charged with possessing a firearm as a felon and felony firearm.  Saginaw police secured arrest warrants against the four men on Monday afternoon, and Frank signed the warrants before arraigning McGee and Clark.  “It's a good feeling for the community,” Williams said. “We're going to do everything we can to get them off the streets.”  In arraigning McGee and Clark, Frank entered not guilty pleas on their behalf and ordered them held on $1 million bonds. Both men, who said they would hire attorneys, remain jailed.  Conspiracy to commit first-degree murder carries a mandatory sentence of life in prison without the possibility of parole, while assault with intent to murder carries a maximum penalty of life with parole.  Saginaw Police Detective Matthew Gerow and Michigan State Police Detective Sgt. Andrew Longuski arrested McGee about 11:45 a.m. Friday as he attended McKinley's funeral. They gestured at him as he sat about halfway back in the church. He stood, kissed a woman and was escorted out.  Williams said somebody “called me with a good tip” that led the detectives to McGee.  Detectives still are seeking more information on the incident, Williams added.  “We still need people to come forward with information,” he said.  Anybody with additional information also can call Gerow at 989-759-1251 or Crime Stoppers at 800-422-JAIL.  Follow Andy Hoag on Twitter @awhoag    