Grand jury gets Hampton carnival murder case  Witnesses testify in the case that left 16-year-old death near city carnival  Two groups of teens were jawing with each other outside the Hampton Coliseum Spring Carnival that Saturday night, when one teen pulled out a handgun.  HAMPTON — Just before a shooting that killed one teen and wounded four others outside a Hampton carnival in late May, one teenage male dared another to shoot.  "If you're gonna show the gun, shoot it," a teenage male in the other group challenged the gun-wielding teen, according to testimony at a preliminary hearing Tuesday in Hampton Juvenile and Domestic Relations District Court.  Within seconds, according to a witness on the scene that day, the teen with the gun opened fire. The shooting killed Ralphael Davis Jr., 16 — who was not the one who dared the gunman — and left four other teens — ages 14, 16, 17 and 18 — injured.  The shooting also spurred Hampton decision-makers to shut down the rest of the carnival, held during Memorial Day weekend, and spurred a candlelight vigil against youth violence in the city.  Two Hampton teenagers, Ryan Taybron, 15, and Eric Nixon, 17, face murder charges in Davis' death, as well as several malicious wounding charges in the injuries to the others.  On Tuesday, Judge Robert Wilson found that prosecutors had established probable cause in the case, certifying the charges and sending them to a grand jury in Circuit Court.  As the hearing began, Commonwealth's Attorney Anton Bell made a motion asking Wilson to clear the courtroom of most of its spectators, with the prosecutor saying there was a problem with witness intimidation, witness safety and "an atmosphere of fear."  Preliminary hearings in juvenile courts are generally open hearings as long as the defendant is 14 years old or older and being charged with a felony. But a juvenile court judge is allowed to close the courtroom "for good cause shown," either on his own or by an attorney's motion.  Taybron's attorney, Leslie Siman-Tov, and Nixon's attorney, Gregory Bane, both objected to closing the courtroom, with Siman-Tov saying there "hasn't been a single bit of evidence" that anyone had been threatened.  But Wilson agreed to close the courtroom based on Bell's assertions, with about 30 spectators having to leave the courtroom. Davis' parents, the defendants' parents, a Daily Press reporter and several others were allowed to stay.  Two teenage girls on hand in the group of teens before the shooting began were the prosecution's two witnesses.  Neither girl was able to pinpoint what the argument that night was about.  But one of the teens testified that she saw the shooting from about 20 feet away, seeing a man with a hoodie opening fire. "People were yelling at each other," she testified. "I seen somebody reach in their pocket and start shooting."