TUSCALOOSA, Alabama -- A 17-year-old girl was killed late Saturday night in a shooting that injured two others, and a Tuscaloosa teen in police custody faces charges in that case and another shooting over the weekend  Angelica Mona Golston, 17, was killed and a 22-year-old woman and a 30-year-old woman had non-life threatening injuries in the shooting at Creekwood Village Apartments next to Stillman College, said Tuscaloosa County Metro Homicide Unit Commander Capt. Loyd Baker.  Tresvon Tyrone Spencer, 18, faces a murder charge and two counts of attempted murder in that case, and also faces two counts of attempted murder in an early Saturday shooting. Investigators interviewed Spencer this morning, and online jail records indicate he is being held in the Tuscaloosa County Jail on a total bond of $330,000.  Baker said police had identified Spencer as the suspect in the early Saturday shooting at the intersection of Kaulton Road and Beech Street late Saturday night, but officers were unable to locate him. Investigators were called to Creekwood Village Apartments by Tuscaloosa police at 12:55 a.m. Sunday.  Spencer knew at least one of the three victims in the apartment at Creekwood Village at the time of the shooting, Baker said.  "They were involved in a game -- playing dominoes, basically -- he stood up, unprovoked, and shot three of them," Baker said. "There's no indication of motive in that shooting."  The women injured in the apartment shooting were treated at DCH Regional Medical Center for non-life threatening injuries.  Spencer was taken into custody by the U.S. Marshals Task Force at a house in Tuscaloosa this morning.  The victims in the Kaulton Road shooting told police that the shooting happened after an argument between two different groups, Baker said.  "The victims were walking by in a neighborhood that maybe the others felt they didn't belong in, some words were exchanged and the shooting occurred," Baker said.  Baker said the names of the "groups" the involved parties claim membership in are relatively new.  "It's unclear how organized they are, but at least in their own way of thinking, they're probably considered gangs," Baker said.  More information will be posted on this case.  Updated at 11:30 a.m. with bond amount.  Updated with photo of Spencer at noon.  