A 56-year-old woman was shot to death in the South Chicago neighborhood, one of five people killed in South Side shootings between 2:30 p.m. Wednesday and 12:30 a.m. Thursday.  Ten others survived attacks during a period of about 12 hours in which 15 people were shot, police said.  The most recent slaying happened about 11:40 p.m. in the 1600 block of East 79th Street. A woman there was shot in the head, police said. Linda Williams, 56, of the 7900 block of South East End Avenue, was declared dead at 1:43 a.m. at John H. Stroger Jr. Hospital.  The 56-year-old didn’t appear to be the target, according to police and witnesses.  A shooting about 7 p.m. in Englewood left a man fatally wounded and a teenage boy injured. Vaughn Allison, 20, was declared dead at Stroger Hospital at 6:37 a.m., according to the Cook County medical examiner's office.  A boy, 16, was also shot as the two sat on the man's porch in the 7000 block of South Normal Avenue. Both were taken to Stroger hospital, initially in serious condition.  A man was shot to death about 6:48 p.m. on the 7500 block of South Carpenter Street, according to Police News Affairs Officer Daniel O'Brien. The man was idnetified as Scottie Cartledge, of the 6300 block of South Fairfield Avenue, according to the Cook County medical examiner's office, which determined he died of multiple gunshot wounds.  A source identified the victim as a 36-year-old man who had been sitting on a lawn chair near the embankment of some railroad, apparently drinking beer.  Someone walked up to him and fatally shot him, wounding him twice in the head.  About 2:15 p.m., a 34-year-old man was shot and killed in the 0-100 block of West 107th Street in the Fernwood neighborhood, authorities said. The man was on the street when someone walked up to him and shot him, police said.  Police had no detailed description of the shooter or what happened. The Cook County medical examiner's officie identified the man as Michael Kizer, and he lived on the same block where he was killed. He was pronounced dead at 3:11 p.m. at the scene.  A man who lives near the scene of the shooting on 107th Street said he was in his bedroom watching a baseball game on television when he heard four shots. The man went outside and saw man on the ground next to his car in the driveway of a nearby house, bleeding from his chest.  The dead man’s stepmother and two brothers had arrived at the scene. A young girl was seen weeping a few yards from the scene as detectives pored over evidence inside the crime scene tape. The victim's brothers paced up and down 107th Street trying to make sense of the shooting.  The family that lives in the home where the shooting took place has lived in the neighborhood for a few years, neighbors said.  Two people were shot in related incidents blocks from each other about the same time in the West Pullman neighborhood, police said. One of the two men shot was wounded several times in the 12200 block of South Halsted Street about 1 p.m., Chicago Police Department News Affairs Officer John Mirabelli said. The man, believed to be in his 20s, was pronounced dead at Roseland Hospital.  The man was believed to have been on the street when a Hyundai or Toyota pulled up and people inside opened fire, Mirabelli said.  About the same time, about two blocks west near 122nd Street and Carpenter Street, a 21-year-old man was wounded in the groin after someone in a gray Hyundai opened fire, Mirabelli said. The man was taken to Advocate Christ Medical Center in Oak Lawn, where his condition was stabilized, Mirabelli said.  The shooting occurred on a block of small single-family homes with tidy lawns and parkways. Several people were out raking while crime scene tape fluttered in a stiff breeze. At least two shell casings could be seen in the street as detectives went door to door. Shell casings were also visible at the Halsted crime scene, which took place in front of a small grocery store.  About 5:45 p.m., four people – three of them teens – were shot in the 300 block of East 47th Street in the city's Bronzeville neighborhood. They group was standing outside a cellphone store when someone shot at them from inside a passing silver car, police said.  A 15-year-old boy was shot in the shoulder and leg and is in good condition at the University of Chicago hospitals, police said. A 19-year-old woman was also shot in the leg and was taken to the same hospital. A 19-year-old man was hit in the buttocks and taken to John H. Stroger Jr. Hospital of Cook County and a 41-year-old man grazed in the shoulder was treated for his wound at the scene.  All are expected to survive their wounds, police said.  About 8:52 p.m., a 30-year-old man was shot on the 0 to 100 block of East 43rd Street, police said. He was standing in a group when someone fired toward him from inside a red van, which fled the scene, police said. He was taken to Stroger Hospital with a gunshot wound to the thigh, and released after being treated for his wound.  An 18-year-old was shot in both legs about 12:45 a.m. Thursday in the 6300 block of South Hamilton Avenue. Someone stepped out of a gangway and started shooting, hitting the man in both legs. He's in stable condition at Advocate Christ Medical Center.  Another man, 38, was shot in the 7000 block of South Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Drive. He was hit in the leg about 9:45 p.m. Police said someone fired shots from a light-colored vehicle and sped away. The man was taken to Stroger hospital.  A 24-year-old man was dropped off at St. Anthony Hospital with a graze wound to his head early Thursday morning. He had been shot near Lexington Avenue and Springfield Avenue, police said.  Tribune photographer Terrence Antonio James contributed  chicagobreaking@tribune.com  Twitter: @ChicagoBreaking