10 injured in shooting accident at Kane County gun club  Shotgun mistakenly loaded with live round, police say  The incident took place about 7 p.m. at the St. Charles Sportsmen's Club, near Elburn, when a 69-year-old club member from St. Charles fired his shotgun into the clubhouse floor, sending buckshot ricocheting and striking people who were nearby, Kane County sheriff's Lt. Pat Gengler said.  Ten people were injured Tuesday night at a Kane County shooting club after being struck by buckshot fired from a gun that had been mistakenly loaded with a live round, authorities said.  Detail photo of a shotgun shell at the St. Charles Sportsmen's Club on Sunday, Sept.9, 2012 near Elburn. (Stacey Wescott / Chicago Tribune)  The man who discharged the 12-gauge shotgun thought he had placed a snap cap into the gun's chamber, but he had accidentally loaded a live round, Gengler said.  A snap cap resembles a live round or shell. Intended to relieve pressure on the spring of a gun's firing mechanism, the cap is loaded into the weapon and then the trigger is pulled.  Two men, ages 31 and 60, and a 14-year-old Geneva boy were taken to Delnor Hospital in Geneva for treatment. Gengler said the three had pellets lodged in flesh, but none of the injuries was considered life-threatening. All were treated and released, he said.  Seven other people in the clubhouse, including the man who fired the weapon, were slightly injured but did not require hospitalization, Gengler said.  The clubhouse and grounds of the club were crowded Tuesday, Gengler said, with many club members taking advantage of the nice weather to do some skeet shooting.  Gengler described the man who fired the shotgun as someone who is experienced with weapons. He said the man was visibly upset over the incident.  Gengler said that because the incident appeared to be accidental, police are not contemplating charges, though he said the club may want to take a look at its policies regarding snap caps.  "To load the cap inside is not the safest or most practical way to do it," Gengler said.  Illinois State Police Sgt. Matt Boerwinkle said that because no charges were filed, the man's firearms owner's privileges would not face any sanctions. The state police issue firearm owner's identification cards.  A message left at the club for comment was not returned.