BLACKBERRY TOWNSHIP – Ten people were injured Tuesday after a gun was accidentally discharged at a sportsmen’s club, according to a news release from the Kane County Sheriff’s Office.  Three people were taken to Delnor Hospital in Geneva and seven were treated at the scene, including the man who fired his gun, police said. There were no life-threatening injuries.  The incident happened at the St. Charles Sportsmen’s Club, 44W471 Keslinger Road, Blackberry Township.  According to the sheriff’s investigation, a 69-year-old member of the club had completed a shooting session and entered the clubhouse about 7:30 p.m., according to the release. Sheriff’s Lt. Pat Gengler said in an email the member involved in the shooting is a range safety officer.  A range safety officer is a certification earned after taking training classes, according to club Treasurer Andrea Ema of Geneva.  “We have people at our club who have that certification,” Ema said.  The man was preparing to put his 12-gauge shotgun away and put a snap cap into the gun. A snap cap is used to save the firing pin of the gun while it is stored, the release stated.  The man reportedly pulled the trigger – causing the shotgun to discharge – while he had the firearm pointed at the floor, according to the release.  A live shotgun round was in the gun instead of the snap cap, according to the release.  The buckshot from the live shotgun round hit the floor and bounced up and out and hit 10 people.  Those taken to Delnor were a 31-year-old man from West Chicago, a 60-year-old man from Somonauk and a 14-year-old boy from Geneva, police said.  Gengler confirmed in an email late Wednesday that the police investigation is closed without charges because the shooting is considered accidental.  Ema said she was not a witness to the shooting and would not comment. Ema directed questions to Mark Creedon of Batavia, president of the St. Charles Sportsmen’s Club. Creedon did not return voicemail messages or an email seeking comment.