At least 12 people were shot Monday, including a young woman who died after she and four others were hit by gunfire in a shooting in the Englewood neighborhood, Chicago police said.  Shortly before 5 p.m., several people were standing in the 5700 block of South Sangamon Street when a dark-colored SUV pulled up, Chicago Police Department News Affairs Officer Amina Greer said.  After exchanging words with the group standing outside, multiple shooters inside the SUV opened fire on them, striking an 18-year-old woman, a 15-year-old boy, and three men ages 18, 20 and 21, police said.  The 18-year-old, April McDaniel, was pronounced dead at 6:38 p.m. at John H. Stroger, Jr. Hospital of Cook County, the Cook County medical examiner's office said. McDaniel lived on the block where the shooting occurred, according to the medical examiner's office.  Another victim taken to Stroger was in critical condition, while two others were taken to Mount Sinai Hospital in serious condition, according to the Chicago Fire Department. The 21-year-old victim was shot in the knee and taken to St. Bernard Hospital, according to the Chicago Fire Department, which said his injuries were not life-threatening.  In other incidents:  • In a separate shooting about 8:30 p.m. in the city’s Gage Park neighborhood on the Southwest Side, a 19-year-old man was shot in the 5100 block of South Fairfield Avenue, police said. The man was taken with a gunshot wound to the side to Mount Sinai Hospital, where his condition was stabilized.  • About 7:55 p.m. in the West Side's East Garfield Park neighborhood, a man was shot by a pellet gun, in the 3100 block of West Lake Street, police said, citing preliminary information. He was taken in fair-to-serious condition to Stroger hospital, according to the fire department.  • In a shooting on the city's Woodlawn neighborhood on the South Side, a man was struck in the head in the 1400 block of East 66th Place about 5:30 p.m., police said. The victim, who was conscious and able to talk, was taken to Northwestern Memorial Hospital in serious condition, police said.  • Earlier Monday, about 3:25 p.m., two people were shot near Sheridan Road and Lawrence Avenue on the North Side in the city's Uptown neighborhood, News Affairs Officer Veejay Zala said. A 20-year-old woman was shot in her leg and shoulder, while a 21-year-old man was shot in his leg, Zala said. Both were taken to Advocate Illinois Masonic Medical Center, where their conditions were stabilized, according to the fire department.  • A 16-year-old and a man were also wounded in separate afternoon shootings on the South Side.  At 2:56 p.m., a 16-year-old was shot in the hand in the 8800 block of South Burley Avenue in the South Chicago neighborhood and taken in good condition to Advocate Trinity Hospital, according to the fire department.  At 2:48 p.m. a man was shot multiple times and critically wounded in the 7000 block of South Bishop Street in the Englewood neighborhood, according to the fire department. He was taken in critical condition to Stroger hospital.  dawilliams@tribune.com  Twitter: @neacynewslady  rsobol@tribune.com  Twitter: @RosemarySobol1