ST. LOUIS • From the 1900 block of Warren Street, where five people were wounded early Tuesday in a wild night of gunfire, downtown’s office towers and the Gateway Arch are within sight. Girls jump rope in the street as toddlers frolic on the stone stoops of 19th-century row houses.  As the kids played noisily Tuesday evening, a police car rolled slowly down the street. Juanita Sparks, 60, sat at her front door with a granddaughter and said she plans to move out.  “I am tired of thugs,” said Starks, who has lived on the block for three years. “We go in at night and stay in, no matter what. It’s too rough a life here.”  Not just on the 1900 block of Warren, at least not during a six-hour period late Monday and Tuesday. Seventeen people were wounded in seven apparently unrelated shooting incidents, and another man was hurt in an attack involving a knife. Nobody died, although two victims were in critical condition.  Mayor Francis Slay also expressed frustration.  “In the vast majority of these cases, people are using their guns to settle their own petty feuds, and that’s really what’s very unfortunate and outrageous about this,” he said Tuesday.  The crimes ranged from flares of domestic temper to gang infighting to drug rivalries, police said. Investigators believe most victims and attackers were acquainted. Officials pledged to intensify patrols, and put about 75 detectives who are normally plainclothes, such as homicide investigators, in uniform to increase police visibility.  “Officers on the street will be more comfortable asking them for assistance,” said Lt. Col. Alfred Adkins.  Rick Rosenfeld, a University of Missouri-St. Louis criminologist under contract to help city police develop enforcement strategies, said aggravated assaults involving guns soared by 20 percent in 2012, but had fallen 25 percent so far this year. In keeping with predictable patterns, last year’s surge in violence coincided with warmer temperatures, he said.  “There is no indication that we’re on the same path this year, though last night certainly is very troubling,” Rosenfeld said Tuesday. “A quarter drop in one year is important context here and is just as important as the seriousness of eight violent events in a single night. We’re still running at much lower levels of firearms violence this year.”  Adkins, in command with Chief Sam Dotson on vacation, said the city averages 33 firearms-related incidents each week, ranging from flourishings to shootings. He said officers have responded to seven shooting incidents within a 24-hour period at least 13 times since 2011, “but not to the degree to which it happened last night.”  Adkins promised an intensified police reaction in the crime areas, and urged gun owners to take extra precautions after six firearms were stolen from cars just the night before.  Police did not report any arrests in the attacks by late Tuesday.  “We’re always concerned about retaliation, especially with no one in custody or arrested,” Adkins said. “Some of the people, we know, are documented gang members that were involved in disputes that occurred beforehand.”  The incidents:  • A man, 30, was shot about 8:05 p.m. Monday in the 3100 block of Bell Avenue. He said he was playing basketball when someone he did not know shot him in the right buttock, hip, calf and ankle.  • A man, 28, was shot in the arm about 9:08 p.m. Monday in the 3000 block of North Florissant Avenue during what police described as “an ongoing personal dispute.”  View Violent night in St. Louis in a larger map  • Six people were shot about 10:30 p.m. Monday in the 4700 block of Highland Avenue. Police said all the wounds were relatively minor. The victims were a woman, 34; a woman, 22; a man, 17; a girl, 14; a boy, 14; and a boy, 13. Police suspect the attack was retaliation for an earlier fight involving the juveniles.  • Three people were shot shortly before 11 p.m. Monday, in the 700 block of Aubert Avenue: men, 28 and 25, and a woman, 26. Police said all were expected to survive.  • A man, 41, was shot in the knee about 11:20 p.m. Monday in what he said was a robbery attempt the 3800 block of Hartford Street.  • A homeless man, 21, was stabbed about 1 a.m. Tuesday in an altercation with a building maintenance worker who encountered him in the 4200 block of South 38th Street. The victim was in critical condition; the worker was sought by police.  • Five people were wounded about 1:05 a.m. Tuesday by a man with an AK-47 rifle who confronted a group emerging from a home in the 1900 block of Warren. They fled into a nearby apartment, where the gunman kicked open the door and opened fire. The wounded were men, 22 and 23, and women 18, 20 and 21. The 20-year-old was in critical condition. Police said the attack might be linked to shots fired at one man by three others, without injury, in the 1800 block of Warren on Monday.  • Shortly before 2 a.m. Tuesday, a man, 19, was shot in the leg as he left a club called Daddy’s Money, 5300 North Broadway.  Slay renewed his call for judges to establish a dedicated “armed-offender docket” to focus on violent crimes. An effort to have the Legislature force the issue, supported by Circuit Attorney Jennifer Joyce and Dotson, failed this spring.  “There must be consequences,” Slay said. “These are disputes, and there are victims who won’t talk to the police. Trying to make an arrest isn’t that simple. In one case, they’ve got (multiple) people shot and not one of them would identify the shooter.”  Back on the 1900 block of Warren on Tuesday evening, Savanna Courtney, 28, blamed outsiders who hang out on the street of old row homes and vacant lots. She said there have been five shootings on the block since she moved there in February, including the one early Tuesday that wounded one of her brothers.  One block to the west, Albert James mowed the front lawn of his tidy new home in the 2700 block of North 21st Street. James said he didn’t hear the gunfire, but he was angered and depressed by the report on the morning TV news.  He listed frustrations any suburbanite would understand — too many young people without discipline or employment, too many guns, not enough churchgoing, too much glorification of violence in popular music.  “I like city living,” said James, 45. “I just wish some parents would quit being afraid of their kids and act like parents. So much of our society is so wrong.”  Valerie Schremp Hahn and Tim O’Neil of the Post-Dispatch contributed to this report.