Police say a 50-year-old husband and father shot his wife and two daughters at point-blank range. Anthony Ponce reports. (Published Wednesday, June 12, 2013)  The DuPage County Coroner has released the identies of the victims of a Darien triple murder/suicide.  It appears David Andrus, 50, shot and killed his wife and two children Tuesday before turning the gun on himself at their southwest suburban home.  According to the coroner, Jeana Andrus, 48, died of a single gunshot wound to the face; Jessica Andrus, 22, died of a single close range gunshot wound to the face and Jennifer Andrus, 16, died of a single close range gunshot wound to the face.  The youngest victims were a current and former student of Hinsdale South High School, school officials said. Jessica Andrus graduated in 2011 and Jennifer Andrus was in the class of 2015.  "We would like to offer our sincere condolences and thoughts to the family and friends of Jennifer and Jessica during this difficult time," the school's principal, Dr. Brian P. Waterman, said in a letter to students.  Law enforcement has released few details about what happened in the home, on the 500 block of Oldfield Road. Still, whatever transpired there was being called an "isolated incident."  "There is no danger to anyone in the neighborhood," Dawn Domrose, with the DuPage County Sheriff's Office, told reporters late Tuesday.  One witness said she saw animal control officers take away five dogs from the home. Others said it was a busy residence, with family members often coming and going.  Homicides in the area are rare, but three members of the Kramer family were shot and killed in their Darien home in 2010. That home is fewer than 100 yards from Tuesday's activity. The mastermind of the 2010 homicides was convicted last month.  Neighbors in the area said they were stunned by the dual crimes.  "It's a wonderful neighborhood," said Dan Marquez. "To think that this could happen twice in a short period of time [is surprising]."  None of the neighbors interviewed Tuesday reported hearing gunshots.    More Chicago-Area Stories: