A man fatally shot his wife and two daughters before turning the gun on himself near Darien Tuesday, according to officials.  The shootings took place in the 500 block of Oldfield Road in DuPage County near Darien. The deaths are believed to have been a triple murder-suicide, according to sources.  Dead were Jeana Andrus, 48, Jessica Andrus 22, Jennifer Andrus 16, and David Andrus, 50, according to a release from the DuPage County sheriff's office. All were family members, according to the release, and all were apparently killed by gunshot wounds.  The four were found by Sheriff's deputies about 3:30 p.m. in the home, according to the release.  Law enforcement sources said the man killed the other three before turning the gun on himself. David Andrus was believed to have shot his wife first in the basement of the home, then went upstairs and shot his two daughters before turning the gun on himself, another source said. His body was found on top of the daughters' bodies, the second source said.  The second source said Andrus was recently fired from his job from a company in Willowbrook.  Neighbors said the couple and their two daughters lived at the home, along with two other relatives.  "It appears the bodies received gunshot wounds, however our investigation is ongoing and autopsies are to be performed at our office today," the coroner's office said in a statement. Information on the cause and manner of death of the four was pending final results, according to the office.  DuPage County investigators were on the scene again this morning, but officials have not released any detailed information about the deaths, only saying that there is no danger to the public.  Darien Mayor Kathleen Weaver said the city's police department was called in to help because the incident happened in unincorporated DuPage County.  “I have no details,’’ Weaver said.  Rachel Steinhaus, who lives three houses down the road from the murder scene, said that six relatives of an extended family live in the brown, two-story home roped off by crime scene tape at the bottom of the hill.  Steinhaus said that a mother, father and two daughters, ages 16 and 20, resided there alongside two male cousins, who moved in last summer and are brothers.  Steinhaus said the older of the two cousins, with whom she is close friends, came home from work around noon Tuesday and later in the day got into a shouting match with the man who lived in the house, who was his uncle.  “I just heard them yelling at each other,” Steinhaus said this morning. “Like a normal family argument.”  A couple of hours later, Steinhaus said, she heard a single pop, which she thought was the sound of the cousin slamming his car and driving away. Only when her younger sister looked out the window and police officers swaming the home did she realize the sound may have been something more serious.  She said she tried to reach the younger cousin, whom she called on his cell phone.  “He said he was at work. I told him, 'You gotta come home.”  She said that he frantically tried to reach his relatives.  “He was trying to figure out what was going on,” she said. “He called the house, he called everyone's cell phone that lived in the house.”  He then called a neighbor's home where his brother had fled during the shootings, Steinhaus said.  Another resident, Kelly Glisan, said he knew the family well enough to waive “hello” and chat while both were out walking their dogs.  Glisan, a longtime community member, said the family is a well-known name in town.  “They're an old-time, multi-generational family,” Glisan said. “It wouldn't surprise me if they were here more than 100 years ago.”  Tuesday night, several residents of the upper middle-class neighborhood were standing by a police tape line at Roberts and Oldfield, including Joe Campagna, 53, who lives a block and a half or two blocks away from the house. Around 4 p.m., he says, saw armed DuPage sheriff’s officers walking down Oldfield Road.  “It’s terrible. You don’t expect this to happen in your backyard.” When he saw the officers with the guns, he had a feeling something serious had happened.  Another neighbor who lives directly across the street from the house where the incident happened said around 4:45 p.m., she heard a commotion.  “I heard a couple of bangs,'' said Rosemary Cyza.  She decided to put her car on her property and she heard a voice say: “Get back in the house.” It was a police officer.  More officers got to the scene and walked around the house with their guns drawn, searching the area.  Cyza said a very private family of four live there, two adults and two children.  “We rarely see the kids,” Cyza said.  Cyza said the only time they would see the family would be when they let their dogs out and sometimes, the children would play with the dogs.  Cyza said they would occasionally wave and say hello.  Freelancer Joseph Ruzich and Tribune reporter Christy Gutowski contributed to this report.  rsobol@tribune.com  Twitter:@RosemarySobol1  cdrhodes@tribune.com  Twitter: @Rhodes_Dawn