Please enable Javascript to watch this video  ST. LOUIS, MO (KTVI) - FOX 2 learned from the City of St. Louis License Collector`s Office that the local business license for A K Home Health Care expired on May 31, 2013 - just two weeks before an apparent murder-suicide inside the agency`s office.  On Friday morning, two burning candles and a few flowers sat at the front door of the Cherokee Place Business Incubator on Friday morning. Some passed the scene not knowing four people lost their lives in a workplace shooting Thursday. Others said the workers were nice people, and may even be related.  Police said surveillance video showed Ahmed Dirir, a 59-year old man from the 900 block of Carr Street arguing with co-workers. Just moments later, the camera recorded Dirir opening fire and then turning the gun on himself.  Witnesses describe survivors begging for help.  'And it was a lady coming outside,' one man said. 'Screaming with her hands up asking for help, pleading and as she came out she called a police officer they asked her what was going on and right after she said whatever they rushed right in.'  Another man was shocked his friend could be capable of this.  'He was a good guy, an okay guy, what can I tell you?' the man said, stretching his neck to watch the scene. 'He was a nice guy. We don`t know what happened, we don`t know.'  Police said the victims are:  Ahmed Dirir, a 59-year old male of the 900 block of Carr - the alleged gunman.  Bernice Solomon-Redd, a 54-year old female of the 2400 block of Ridge Avenue in East St. Louis, Illinois.  Khadra Muse, a 44-year old female of the 1000 block of Indian Circle Drive in Olivette.  Seaeed Abdulla, a 29-year-old male of the 700 block of Cole Street in Downtown St. Louis.  Per Charles Kirkwood, a friend of Dirir`s, Abdulla was married to Dirir`s stepdaughter. Dirir, Muse, and Abdulla were Somali immigrants.  Chris Dumas said he has lived on Cherokee for three years. He was on his way to a doctor`s appointment when he walked past the memorial and crossed himself, as he walked past the scene. He said the business district would nurture and support this family in any way possible - if that family chose to reopen for business.  Friend me on Facebook: facebook.com/KimHudsonTV  Follow me on Twitter: twitter.com/kimhudsontv  Email me: kim.hudson@tvstl.com  Read More: Police Identify Cherokee Street Murder-Suicide Victims  Read More: Business District Reacts to Cherokee Street Shootings