Metro Nashville Police Police were seeking Earnest Woodley, also known as Earnest Moore, 39, a convicted murderer with a long criminal record.  A woman and her three teenage daughters who were wounded when the woman's barefoot boyfriend shot them Friday in Nashville, Tenn., were listed as stable at a Nashville hospital Friday night, police said.  Police were seeking Earnest Woodley, 39, also known as Earnest Moore, a convicted murderer with a long criminal record. Police said Woodley, who was charged late Friday with four counts each of attempted homicide and aggravated assault, fled wearing a gray T-shirt, blue shorts and no shoes.  Nicole Luke, 34, her twin 14-year-old daughters, Deona and Keona Luke, and their 15-year-old sister, Kierra Smith, were all shot Friday afternoon at an apartment complex in the Madison neighborhood of northeast Nashville.  Luke, Woodley and the three girls were in two vehicles driving to Memphis, where they were all moving, when they stopped at the complex to visit a cousin of Woodley's, police said. All but Kierra went inside.  Woodley's cousin told police that Luke and Woodley began arguing before Woodley shot Luke, Deona and Keona. He then went outside and shot Kierra, police said.  Three other children who were at the scene weren't injured: Woodley's and Luke's 3-year-old daughter and the cousin's two sons, ages 7 and 13, police said.  A witness, Courtney Hiles, told NBC station WSMV in an on-air interview that she first heard two gunshots and then four more.  "We went outside and saw the man running past our house, so we went over here to see what had happened and we saw the car," Hiles said. "There was a lady in the front seat, and she had been shot, and all of the windows in the car had been shot out."  Woodley remained at large Friday night and should be considered armed and extremely dangerous, police said.  Woodley, sometimes using the name Moore, has a long criminal record, state corrections records show. He was convicted of second-degree murder in 1991 and finished parole in 2010. His other convictions include aggravated assault and cocaine possession.  Watch US News crime videos on NBCNews.com  This story was originally published on