Four people shot on Gardiner Lane; 3 dead Posted: Wednesday, June 19, 2013 4:36 PM EDT Updated: Thursday, June 20, 2013 8:46 AM EDT  Louisville's rally from a 21-point deficit to beat Kentucky Saturday confirmed one hard truth: The Cardinals are the dominant force in this rivalry.  Louisville's rally from a 21-point deficit to beat Kentucky Saturday confirmed one hard truth: The Cardinals are the dominant force in this rivalry.  The Louisville players celebrated their win over Kentucky with U of L fans Saturday.  The Louisville players celebrated their win over Kentucky with U of L fans Saturday.  In the rain, around 200 people met in Louisville’s west end Saturday to condemn the violence that has plagued many of their lives.  In the rain, around 200 people met in Louisville’s west end Saturday to condemn the violence that has plagued many of their lives.  One person is dead after a shooting near Bardstown Road and the Watterson Expressway.  One person is dead after a shooting near Bardstown Road and the Watterson Expressway.  A Louisville mother is arrested after police say she went to the hair salon and left her four young kids home alone.  A Louisville mother is arrested after police say she went to the hair salon and left her four young kids home alone.  Louisville mother charged with criminal abuse after leaving four young children home alone  Louisville mother charged with criminal abuse after leaving four young children home alone  The University of Kentucky football program not only stopped in the second half against Kentucky in a 38-24 loss on Saturday, it took a step backward this season, according to WDRB columnist Eric Crawford.  The University of Kentucky football program not only stopped in the second half against Kentucky in a 38-24 loss on Saturday, it took a step backward this season, according to WDRB columnist Eric Crawford.  CRAWFORD | From Yahtzee to Sorry: Stoops Kentucky job now tougher after loss to Louisville  CRAWFORD | From Yahtzee to Sorry: Stoops Kentucky job now tougher after loss to Louisville  The man who allegedly killed three people, including a police officer, in Colorado Springs on Friday grew up in Louisville, the New York Times reports.  The man who allegedly killed three people, including a police officer, in Colorado Springs on Friday grew up in Louisville, the New York Times reports.  Police say the suspect "barricaded himself in the garage with the bound victim."  Police say the suspect "barricaded himself in the garage with the bound victim."  LOUISVILLE, KY. (WDRB) -- LMPD homicide detectives have scheduled a news conference at 10:30 a.m. as they continue investigating a deadly quadruple shooting Wednesday that left three people dead and another person hospitalized.  Police say a juvenile girl, a 38-year-old female, and a 40-year-old man were among the three people who died.  We're told the surviving victim is a woman in her 60s.  Investigators tell us they believe the shooter is dead.  Crime tape roped off a section of buildings at the Lakeview Condominiums on Wednesday afternoon as neighbors stood nearby.  "When officers arrived they found three victims deceased here at the scene," said LMPD spokesperson Dwight Mitchell. "One person was taken to University Hospital. Their injuries appear to be life-threatening at this point."  Family and friends of the victims learned the news when stopping by Wednesday evening.  Molly Hoekstra lives below the condo where the shootings happened.  "Really scary. I've never felt unsafe here because all my neighbors are so nice and look out for everybody," says Molly Hoekstra.  She wasn't home at the time, but for those who were, they knew quickly that something was wrong.  Many people were at the pool when shots were fired in the nearby building.  "A man and his nephew or son who came running through and said shots were fired, somebody call the cops," said Alexa Hall.  "We tried to evacuate the pool as quickly as possible, but at that point we didn't know where the shooter was, so we didn't have anywhere to evacuate to I guess," said Alex Stengel, a lifeguard at the pool.  Neighbors are not sure if the man who lived in the condo is among the three victims.  "We see him around in the pool and he's very friendly. He's very kind. We've never heard anything out of the ordinary about him. He's just a nice guy," said Isabel Smith.  Police were not immediately sure of what may have led to the shooting, but may provide more details in today's news conference.  Neighbors believe the people involved in the shooting may have been related.  The victim who survived the shooting was listed in critical condition at University Hospital.  Copyright 2013 WDRB News. All rights reserved.