Six people were killed and dozens wounded in shootings across Chicago during a muggy first weekend of summer.  Friday, the longest day of the year, was the deadliest, with three killed and at least 11 wounded in 10 shootings. Saturday saw at least six shootings, including one fatality. Ten people were wounded in at least eight shootings Sunday morning, and the violence continued Sunday night as two people were killed and another four were wounded.  Those killed include a 31-year-old man who was recently freed after more than a year in jail and a 21-year-old man who had been in the country for only a few months.  The shootings spanned from the Grand Crossing, South Chicago and McKinley Park neighborhoods on the South Side to West Garfeld Park on the West Side to the Kelvyn Park and Logan Square neighborhoods on the Northwest Side.  In McKinley Park, an 18-year-old man was fatally shot as he stood on the sidewalk a block from his home around 11:25 p.m. Sunday, police said. Eduardo Venagas was shot by one of three people who approached him in the 3300 block of South Bell Avenue, according to the Cook County medical examiner's office.  Venagas was shot in the chest and grazed in the shoulder. He was pronounced dead at John H. Stroger, Jr. Hospital of Cook County.  Two hours earlier in the Grand Crossing neighborhood, 22-year-old Justin Jackson was shot in the side while running away from a disabled vehicle in the 1500 block of East 76th Place, authorities said. He died at Northwestern Memorial Hospital.  On Saturday afternoon, a 20-year-old man was killed and two others were wounded in a shooting in the South Chicago neighborhood.  Carl Austin, 20, was shot in the back in the 8600 block of South Kingston Avenue and pronounced dead at the scene, according to the Cook County medical examiner’s office. Austin and two other men were standing in the street when a green Chevrolet pulled up and at least one person in the car started shooting, hitting the three before driving off, police said.  Friday's deadly shootings began in the early afternoon, when a man was shot to death in the West Garfield Park neighborhood. Vincent Mayes, 31, was found dead on the scene in the 4400 block of West Adams Street and appeared to have suffered multiple gunshot wounds, according to the medical examiner's office.  Mayes had pleaded guilty on June 11 in a 2012 felony drug case and was sentenced to three years in prison. But because he had been in jail since his arrest in early 2012, he was credited with 598 days in jail. After he was admitted to the custody of the Illinois Department of Corrections on June 13, he was released on parole the same day, according to court and corrections department records.  Later Friday, a gunman opened fire on a group of family members sitting outside a home in the Kelvyn Park neighborhood. Rene Segundo Soto, 21, was killed and three others were wounded. "It's a nightmare," said Sandra Blancas, a cousin of Segundo Soto.  Segundo had arrived in the U.S. a few months ago and was working construction jobs, sending money back to his parents and siblings in Mexico, his family said.  Around the same time on Friday evening, gunfire erupted in the Logan Square neighborhood.  Police said two men were standing outside on the 2800 block of North Spaulding Avenue when a gunman came out from between two parked cars and fired at them. Uriel Guadarramo, 36, who lived on the block, was pronounced dead and a 61-year-old was wounded.  Also on Friday afternoon, a man and woman were found dead together in a bed in a downtown hotel. An autopsy determined that the man, 56-year-old James Wright Jr., of Milwaukee, was shot in the face in a homicide. The woman, Kim Wright of Oconomowoc, Wis., died after shooting herself in the face in a suicide, according to the medical examiner's office.  Tribune reporters Adam Sege and Naomi Nix contributed  pnickeas@tribune.com  csadovi@tribune.com  kgeiger@tribune.com  Twitter: @ChicagoBreaking