gentilly going away party.jpg (Photo: WWL)  Monica Hernandez / Eyewitness News  Email: mhernandez@wwltv.com | Twitter: @mhernandezwwl  NEW ORLEANS - The morning after a quadruple shooting in Gentilly, you can still see remnants of the crime scene.  It happened around 12:30 a.m. Sunday, after a going away party for a soldier inside a home in the 5700 block of Wickfield Drive spilled onto the street.  Neighbors say the street was packed with 200 to 300 people when shots rang out.  'All of a sudden, there were just like multiple gunshots, like so many of them, it sounded like a whole string of firecrackers just going off,' said one neighbor, who asked to remain anonymous.  One source says police found nine casings next to a neighbor's mailbox.  Neighbor Bridget Webb was inside her home when she heard what sounded like firecrackers. She peered out her window to see what was going on.  'I just saw kids running everywhere, screaming,' said neighbor Bridget Webb.  When Webb spotted an injured teen in the street, she ran to help.  'I have kids of my own so I was kind of thinking, I put myself in their place, like what would I do if I received a call, after 12 o'clock, that my child was injured, at a party I thought was safe. It's a farewell party for a kid that's going to the military,' said Webb.  The shooting left four people wounded, with one teen in critical condition. No one was killed.  Neighbors like William Blackwell say the shooting was surreal on this normally quiet street.  'It's just unbelievable I'm going to be honest with you,' said Blackwell. 'We never had no shooting in the neighborhood.'  Neighbors said they called police about two hours before the shooting, because shots rang out nearby. Still, the large party did not break up.  Police are still searching for the gunman and the .40 caliber gun used.  And neighbors hope this type of crime in the area won't become the norm.  'I think crime might be creeping to the neighborhood,' said Blackwell.  If you have any information on the shooting, call Crimestoppers at (504) 822-1111.  Read or Share this story: http://www.wwltv.com/story/news/crime/2014/09/03/14595744/