Baltimore police have charged a woman with murder in the fatal shooting of her neighbor last month during a spate of violence that left 12 people dead in a single week.  Tierra Fallin, 29, was charged with first- and second-degree murder and conspiracy to commit murder in the shooting, which left Gennie Shird, 21, of Baltimore dead and three other women wounded.  She was arrested Wednesday, police said, and is being held without bond pending a July 30 preliminary hearing.  According to police, the incident began on the evening of June 27 when Fallin, of the 3300 block of Ravenwood Ave. in the Four By Four neighborhood of Northeast Baltimore, grew angry as a result of a dispute with a neighbor who lives in the 3300 block of Elmora Ave.  An argument followed, the neighbor invited family members over to protect her, and Fallin threatened to "[mess] up this whole block," according to a charging document filed by homicide detectives.  Fallin went to her grandmother's home and returned minutes later with two unidentified men about 9:07 p.m., witnesses said. She pointed to the porch where several women were standing and directed the man next to her to "do what y'all do."  The man pulled out a pistol and began firing at the women, court records show. Shird suffered gunshot wounds to the head and body. Two other women with multiple gunshot wounds were taken to a nearby hospital.  Fallin and the unidentified men fled. Witnesses later identified Fallin from photographs as the woman who directed the men to open fire, police said. The men remain at large.  Fallin was charged with 21 criminal counts, including one count of first-degree murder, two of attempted first-degree murder, three of attempted first-degree conspiracy to commit murder and three of reckless endangerment.  Police, who tweeted news of the arrest Thursday, said they are withholding the names of the witnesses for their protection. Officers were continuing an investigation to identify the two men.  Detective Jeremy Silbert, a department spokesman, had no further comment.  jonathan.pitts@baltsun.com