CHICAGO (STMW) — Six men were killed and at least 28 other people were wounded in shootings throughout the city so far this holiday weekend.  A 5-year-old boy was among the wounded — shot early Friday alongside two men at a West Pullman park.  Several hours earlier, a 7-year-old boy was also shot in a park – this one in Chatham.  Additionally, Chicago Police fatally shot a male in the Washington Park neighborhood on the South Side.  The most recent murder was reported to police about 5:15 a.m. Friday in the Rogers Park neighborhood. A man was found shot to death in the 7400 block of North Paulina Street, police said. No other details were available.  Thursday night a man was shot to death in the West Englewood neighborhood on the South Side. The man, 31, was standing on a porch about 9:40 p.m. in the 6200 block of South Marshfield Avenue when two males approached on foot and opened fire, police said.  In another murder, a 21-year-old man was shot in his side multiple times about 1:30 p.m. in the 600 block of South Francisco Avenue in the East Garfield Park neighborhood, authorities said.  The man was initially taken to Stroger Hospital, where he was declared dead at 2:02 p.m., according to the medical examiner’s office.  Earlier, a 36-year-old man was shot in the head about 12:05 p.m. in the 7300 block of South Wabash Avenue in the Greater Grand Crossing neighborhood and was dead on the scene, authorities said.  On Wednesday night in the Woodlawn neighborhood, three men were shot about 7:25 p.m. in the 6600 block of South Champlain Avenue, police said.  All three men showed up at St. Bernard Hospital without the help of paramedics, police said. One of the men, 26-year-old Ernest McMullen of the 800 block of East 46th Street, was shot in the head and declared dead at 7:38 p.m., authorities said.  Another one of the men, an 18-year-old, was transferred to Stroger Hospital with a gunshot wound to the chest, police said. The third man, 19, was shot in the shoulder and was initially listed in “stable” condition.  The survivors were not cooperating with detectives, authorities said.  The violence began about 6:50 p.m. Wednesday when a gunman exited a green vehicle and shot 24-year-old Rayford Brown in the back in the 2400 block of East 79th Street, authorities said. Brown, of the 2400 block of East 77th Street, died at Northwestern Memorial Hospital at 7:27 p.m., according to the medical examiner’s office.  Most recently, a man was shot in the hip, climbing into a cab at 77th and Exchange about 2:30 a.m., police said. He was listed in stable condition.  Early Thursday, two men were injured in a gang-related shooting in the Austin neighborhood. The shooting happened about 3 a.m. in the 1100 block of South Mason Avenue, police said. A 27-year-old man was shot in the head and a 28-year-old man was shot in the leg. Both were taken to Loyola University Medical Center in Maywood for treatment.  Additionally, Chicago Police fatally shot 17-year-old Christian Green about 1:10 p.m. Thursday in the 5600 block of South State Street after he allegedly pointed a gun at officers, authorities said.  Nobody is in custody for any of the murders.  (Source: Sun-Times Media Wire © Chicago Sun-Times 2013. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.)