(Photo: WMAZ)  Macon police say a fatal shooting early Friday started with fight inside a Macon nightclub that spread outside.  A 17-year was killed and three men were wounded in a shooting in the 400 block of Walnut Street in Macon early this morning. The shooters got away.  It happened around 3:30 a.m in the parking garage near the Zodiac night club at the Riverview Ballroom.  This afternoon, acting Police Chief Henderson Carswell said the shooting stemmed from a fight inside the Zodiac Lounge, which was broken up by club security.  One of the people taking part, he said, was 21-year-old Deion Davis.  A short time later, he said, Davis was shot multiple times inside the club.  Then the disturbance moved outside, where there was more gunfire. That's where 17-year-old Jamonni Bland was fatally wounded inside a nearby parking deck. Chief Carswell says Bland may have been an innocent bystander.  Coroner Leon Jones said Bland died on the scene.  Carswell said police have not yet verified whether Bland was ever inside the club.  He said they're also investigating a possible motive and whether the fights and shootings were gang-related. He says there may be charges filed against more than one person.  Witness Gary Lester told 13WMAZ reporter Judy Le that he saw a man run out of the club He followed him out but the man jumped a fence and went to his car.  Lester says when he saw the man grab a gun, he called police. While he was on the phone, he heard what sounded like about 20 gunshots.  "It didn't even need to happen. It was senseless," says Lester.  Davis was shot six times, according to the coroner.  The fourth victim, 25-year-old Steven Billue, was taken to Coliseum Medical Center. He was hit in the shoulder.  Andre Bonner, 30, was released from the hospital today and is currently in the Bibb LEC. He was arrested for violating probation.  The Zodiac Lounge released a statement calling the shooting "an isolated incident."  Manager Kelron Howard said he believes that Jamonni Bland was putting up posters outside the club and was never inside.  The club's complete statement:  "We would like to offer our deepest condolences and utmost sympathy to all the victims and families of this senseless incident. We are a 21 and over properly licensed events center and lounge. This was an isolated incident. We are doing everything possible to assist the authorities with their investigation. Once again our hearts go out to the victims and their families."  Read or Share this story: http://on.wmaz.com/1haOAEH