× 1 dead, 10 wounded in West, South Side shootings  One man was killed and 10 others wounded from Friday afternoon through early Saturday on the South and West sides.  Fifty-five people have been shot across the city since Wednesday, 10 of them fatally.  Jerimiah Milsap, 24, of the 1000 block of West Maxwell Street, was declared dead at 7:31 a.m. Saturday at John H. Stroger Jr. Hospital, four hours after he was shot multiple times in front of his home, according to the Cook County medical examiner’s office.  A total of three people were shot in the attack about 3:30 a.m. in the 1000 block of West Maxwell Street, one block from a new fire station and two blocks from a new police station, in the University Village / Little Italy neighborhood. Two men stepped out of a dark sedan and opened fire toward a group of people standing on the block, Chicago Police News Affairs Officer Hector Alfaro said.  A 21-year-old man and an older man were taken to Stroger hospital, the older man shot in the abdomen and the leg, Alfaro said. A 40-year-old man was shot in the right arm and taken to Mount Sinai Hospital in stable condition.  Friday afternoon about 12:30 p.m. in the 1400 block of South Keeler Avenue, a man in his 20s was wounded, said News Affairs Officer Michael Sullivan.  The man was taken to Mount Sinai Hospital, where he was listed as in critical condition, Sullivan said.  Two others, a 46-year-old man was and a 30-year-old man, were shot about 4:30 p.m. in the 5400 block of South Bishop Street in the Back of the Yards neighborhood. Both were taken to John H. Stroger, Jr. Hospital of Cook County. The older man was shot in the right thigh and the younger in the buttocks.  In the 600 block of South Francisco Avenue in Lawndale – two blocks from the 11th District Police Station – a 22-year-old man was shot about 6 p.m. Someone in a dark van driving north on Francisco toward Harrison Street started shooting and the man was shot in the chest while diving for cover, police said. He was taken to Mount Sinai Hospital by a relative.  A 25-year-old man was shot in the buttocks about 11:20 p.m. in the 6400 block of South Oakley Avenue in the West Englewood neighborhood and was taken to Advocate Christ Medical Center. No condition was available.  Another man, in his 30s, walked into the University of Chicago Hospital with a gunshot wound to his left knee. He had been shot about 11:30 p.m. in the 700 block of East 60th Street in the West Woodlawn neighborhood on the South Side.  After midnight, a 26-year-old man was shot in the shoulder near 79th and Elizabeth streets in the Gresham neighborhood. Police said he’ll survive. He was taken to Advocate Christ Medical Center with a wound to his shoulder.  One man was shot about 12:35 a.m. Saturday in the 300 block of North Pine Avenue in the South Austin neighborhood, News Affairs Officer Hector Alfaro said. The 31-year-old was taken to Mount Sinai Hospital in stable condition with wounds to his left thigh and right ankle, Alfaro said.  dawilliams@tribune.com  Twitter: @neacynewslady  pnickeas@tribune.com  Twitter: @PeterNickeas  