One man was killed and six other people wounded in two South Side shootings Sunday, authorities said.  In the latest incident, five people were shot in the 11300 block of South Forest Avenue in Roseland about 8:10 p.m. in what was believed to be a landlord-tenant dispute, officials said.  Sunday's attacks brought to at least 74 the number of people shot since Wednesday afternoon in Chicago, with 12 of those victims killed.  Four people were transported in serious-to-critical condition from the Forest Avenue shooting by Chicago Fire Department ambulances, fire department spokesman Chief Juan Hernandez said. A fifth person was taken to Roseland Hospital in good-to-fair condition, Hernandez said.  By early this morning, three of those shot -- a 21-year-old man and two boys, ages 16 and 17 -- were in good condition, according to police.  The condition of a 49-year-old woman shot in the neck had also been stabilized at Advocate Christ Medical Center in Oak Lawn, Chicago Police Department News Affairs Officer Hector Alfaro said.  The other person who was shot, a 40-year-old man shot multiple times, remained in serious condition at Christ.  Police had one person in custody in connection with the shooting.  A man who said he is a relative of the woman shot said the shooting stemmed from a dispute with the woman's landlord.  Other relatives were having an argument with the landlord, said the man, who witnessed the shooting. The landlord pulled out a gun during the argument, and the female relative, who lives where the shooting took place, showed up, the man said.  "Next thing you know, it was a big old argument," he said. "I'm trying to quiet things down, but it seemed like it wasn't working. So (the landlord) just up and just start shooting."  The man said it was not the first time that police had been called to the apartment building because of an argument involving the landlord and the woman.  "He had words with her the other day," the man said. "Police told him just, you know, leave everything alone, just leave it alone."  Earlier, in the Back of the Yards neighborhood, officers responded to a report of a person shot about 3:30 p.m. in the 4700 block of South Ashland Avenue, police said.  One man, age 19, who had been shot in the back, died following the shooting, and another man, age 22, who had been shot in the arm and chest, was taken to John H. Stroger, Jr. Hospital of Cook County, where his condition was stable, News Affairs Officer Joshua Purkiss said.  The 19-year-old, Ramone Godfrey of the 5300 block of South Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Drive, was declared dead on the scene at 3:53 p.m., according to the Cook County medical examiner's office.  The other person was transported initially in serious-to-critical condition to Stroger hospital, according to the Chicago Fire Department.  The two men were sitting in a car in the 4700 block of South Ashland Avenue when a man or boy came up to the car and started shooting at them, News Affairs Officer Daniel O'Brien said.  The 22-year-old got out of the car and tried to get away, while the driver of the car, who had not been shot, began driving east on 47th Street, stopping at the 600 block of West 47th, O'Brien said.  No one was in custody, O'Brien said.  Tribune reporter Adam Sege contributed.  chicagobreaking@tribune.com  Twitter: @chicagobreaking