Six people shot, one killed, in Baltimore on Tuesday  Deputy Commissioner Dean Palmere told reporters at the scene that police were "making progress" in the investigation, but said detectives need the public to help them. "The community has clues that simply we're not getting at this point. We need their buy-in."  Evidence markers dotted the sidewalk in front of a home in the 600 block of N. Carrollton Ave., and at the northeast corner of North Carrollton and Harlem avenues were a few pairs of shoes left after the victims were taken to local hospitals.  In West Baltimore's Harlem Park neighborhood, blocks from an area where metal gates and a round-the-clock police presence have been established in response to violence, four men were shot while sitting on a front stoop at about 2:45 p.m.  Six people were shot Tuesday in two separate incidents in Baltimore, killing at least one person, police said.  Three blocks away, police have blocked off a street — the 900 block of Bennett Place — with gates after the area was the scene of three fatal shootings in just a few months. That presence remained as other units responded to the shooting scene, and Palmere said detectives were comparing the quadruple shooting to other recent incidents.  About 12 hours earlier, two men were shot in East Baltimore's Broadway East neighborhood, roughly six blocks from where a new peace mural had been unveiled the day before.  Officers responded to a report of gunfire in the 1800 block of E. Lanvale St. about 2:24 a.m. and found the two men, each suffering from at least one gunshot wound, police said. Both were taken to area hospitals.  One of the men was pronounced dead at about 4:45 a.m., police said.  Neither had been publicly identified as of Tuesday evening. Residents who live near the corner of North Wolfe and East Lanvale streets said a man in a wheelchair was the person injured. He was shot in an alley off Lanvale that was strewn with litter, including liquor bottles, torn charcoal bags and an empty package of cigars featuring the silhouette of a stripper on a pole.  The man who was killed fell at the nearby street corner outside an abandoned red-brick corner store. That site was guarded by a Baltimore police officer on Tuesday morning.  Residents declined to be identified out of fear of reprisal for speaking publicly.  The Episcopal Community Services of Maryland chose to hang a 24-panel art piece depicting a disparate group of individuals who wind up holding hands and working together outside Collington Square Elementary/Middle School in East Baltimore, to send a message to "one of the deadlier parts of the community," said Roclande White, director of The Club at Collington Square, an after-school and summer program.  Police said a preliminary investigation revealed an unknown person came onto the 1800 block of E. Lanvale St. and shot multiple times at the victims. No suspect has been identified. Anyone with information about the Tuesday morning shooting is asked to call homicide detectives at 410-396-2100.  Baltimore Sun reporter Carrie Wells contributed to this article.  jfenton@baltsun.com  twitter.com/justin_fenton