Police are looking for the gunman who shot and killed a teen and injured four others during a birthday party in Hamilton Township, Mercer County. NBC10’s Na’eem Douglas reports. (Published Saturday, July 13, 2013)  A day of celebration turned to a night of chaos for a teenage girl and her friends and family. Police say a teenage boy is dead and four others are injured after a gunman walked into a home and opened fire during a birthday party for a 15-year-old girl in Hamilton Township, Mercer County.  A party with up to 100 people was taking place inside a home on the 1100 block of Deutz Avenue around 11:20 p.m. Friday when the shooter opened fire inside the living room area of the house.  Shakir Williams, 17, of Trenton, was shot multiple times and pronounced dead at the scene. Police say a 16-year-old boy, 18-year-old boy and two 17-year-old boys were all hit and injured in the shooting.  Eyewitnesses describe the scene as chaotic after the gunman, who said nothing, began opening fire at dozens of partygoers.  “It was crazy. Like, we were all having fun and just that one person wanted to start something and it just happened,” said an eyewitness who did not want to be identified.  The teens say they did not recognize the gunman.  “I was sitting on the couch and I just saw him walking and he just started shooting into the crowd. Everybody started running he was walking back to the door and was still shooting,” said another teen.  More than 100 partygoers went scrambling for safety, say neighbors.  “Kids all around, cops all around and screaming and yelling…just total chaos,” said Hector Jordan.  Police say one of the survivors suffered a gunshot wound to the calf and was treated and released from the hospital. Another victim was struck in the torso, arm, leg and groin and is currently undergoing surgery. The other two victims were struck in the legs and are both currently in stable condition.  Police are searching for the gunman and are investigating what sparked the incident.  Family members of the teen killed in the shooting say he was a good kid and was not known to get into fights.  Prosecutors say adults were present at the time of the shooting. The 15-year-old girl's 23-year-old brother was collecting money at the door, according to investigators. Investigators also say the girl's mother and stepfather were home on the second floor.  This story is developing. Stay with NBC10.com for more updates.