A gunman opened fire in a Brooklyn park yesterday in a senseless act of revenge — wounding five people, including two bystanders sitting on a porch, witnesses and officials said.  The shooter, accompanied by three other men and two women, fired multiple times at a crowd at Hope Ballfield in Bushwick at around 2:15 p.m., witnesses said.  The shooter was at large, but witnesses said cops did nab a unidentified man when he returned to the scene to retrieve the discarded gun.  Rolando Pizarro, 45, the intended target, was shot in the abdomen as he walked with his wife, Melody Amil, 37, and son, Rolando Jr., 22, who were each struck in a leg, witnesses said.  Wanda Espinoza, 52, was shot in the stomach as she sat outside her house. She was with Manuel Rivera, 62, who was hit in a leg.  All of the victims were listed as being in stable condition last night, authorities said.  Pizarro was targeted for filing a police report Friday against the shooter.  He was angry at the thug for harassing his daughter at a McDonald’s where she works, his family said. The gunman and several pals flirted with the 18-year-old girl behind the counter at the Knickerbocker Avenue location.  When she refused their advances, one of the men threw a milkshake in her face, her family said.  “They were making advances and teasing her and harassing her,” said family friend Ivette Miranda, 45.  “She called her dad, and he went there, to the McDonald’s, and called the cops. He filed a police report right there.  “Those guys are bad men,” Miranda added. “They wanted to get back at Rolando.”  Pizarro told the man to stay away from his daughter, according to a manager at the restaurant.  Four of the victims were rushed to Elmhurst Hospital, while Amil was taken to Kings County Hospital.  Amil’s sister, Lisa, was in a nearby park watching her son, Hector, 8, play with his Little League baseball team.  “Melody was shot in the knee. She’ll be OK,” Lisa said. “I can’t believe they would shoot into a street full of people,” she added. “This is just over a girl or something.  “It’s just so senseless.”