An enraged gunman opened fire on a Brooklyn park today in a senseless act of revenge — wounding five people, including two bystanders sitting on a nearby porch, witnesses and officials said.  The shooter, accompanied by three other males and two females, fired multiple times on the crowd at Hope Ballfield in Bushwick around 2:15 p.m., witnesses said.  Rolando Pizarro, 45, the intended target, was shot in the abdomen as he walked with his wife, Melody Amil, 37, and son, Rolando Jr, 22, who were both struck in the leg, witnesses said.  Wanda Espinoza, 52, was shot in the stomach as she sat outside her house. She was with Manuel Rivera, 62, who was hit in the leg. All of the victims were in stable condition.  Pizarro was targeted for filing a police report against the shooter on Friday. He was angry at the thug for harassing his daughter at the McDonald’s where she works, his family said.  The gunman and several pals flirted with the 18-year-old girl while she was working behind the counter at the Knickerbocker Avenue location.  When the girl refused their advances, one man threw a milkshake in the girl’s face, her family said.  “They were making advances and teasing her and harassing her,” said another family friend, Ivette Miranda, 45.  “It got worse when they threw a milkshake in her face. She called her dad, Rolando, and he went there to the McDonald’s and called the cops.  “He filed a police report right there. Those guys are bad men. They wanted to get back at Rolando for filing a report.”  Pizarro told the man to stay away from his daughter, according to a manager at the restaurant.  Four of the victims were rushed to Elmhurst Hospital.  Melody Amil was taken to Kings County Hospital.  Amil’s sister Lisa was in the park nearby as her 8-year-old son, Hector, was playing baseball with his Little League team.  “Melody was shot in the knee. She’ll be okay,” said Lisa.  “The others are in surgery right now,” she said.  “I can’t believe they would shoot into a street full of people. This is just over a girl or something. It’s just so senseless.”