Police in Wilmington are investigating a shooting that left four people wounded, including two teenage girls.  Officers were called to 2nd Street near North Franklin Street around 10 p.m. Sunday and found one person shot in the street and three more in a nearby home.  Cpl. Jamaine Crawford says a 16-year-old girl, a 17-year-old girl, a 20-year-old woman and a 20-year-old man were shot.  All of the victims were transported to Christina Hospital by ambulance and are listed in stable condition.  Crawford says officers called to the area earlier arrested two people on disorderly conduct charges.  After the report of the shootings, he says people crowded around the scene and officers made another arrest, but he did not have details on suspects in the shooting.  "We're early in our investigation. We're going with the leads that are coming in and we are still working on it," Crawford said.  On Monday, neighbors said that what occurred the night before had been building for hours.  "It was multiple fights, a lot of arguing with teenagers around here. It started around 2nd Street and escalated to 3rd Street. Cops got called out a couple of times," said Carmen Pacheco.  "There were two or three fights, the same kids kept going back and forth, fighting back and forth and I could see it was escalating," said Luis Diaz.  The neighbors said police would respond, the kids would leave and so would police. But, once the officers were gone, the problems would resume.  "The fourth time came the shooting," said Pacheco.  What actually sparked the shooting is still under investigation. Several elected officials, including the mayor, were on scene Sunday night.  Residents could be seen giving those officials an earful, pointing to a nearby surveillance camera. On Monday, some residents said they want more police on routine patrol, even officers walking a beat.  "I got five kids and I'm scared to bring them out here. Really scared," Diaz said.  New Castle Council President Chris Bullock was among those on the scene Sunday night and heard the request for more boots on the ground.  "That is the basic sentiment throughout the city is that people want stronger police presence in hot spots where crime is trending," Bullock said.  Anyone with information is asked to call the Wilmington Police Confidential Tip Line at 302-576-3990, Crime Stoppers at 1-800-TIP-3333 or go online to www.tipsubmit.com.