Man Accused In OKC Quadruple Murder Arraigned On Monday Posted: Monday, August 19, 2013 7:31 PM EDT Updated: Monday, August 19, 2013 7:36 PM EDT  Daniel Green is behind bars at the Oklahoma County jail, where he is being held without bond on four counts of first degree murder. And he appeared to show no emotion when he went before the judge.  The man accused of killing four of his family members went before a judge on Monday. It is our first look at the accused murderer just five days after his mother, sister, niece and baby nephew were discovered shot to death in their southeast Oklahoma City home.  Daniel Green is behind bars at the Oklahoma County jail, where he is being held without bond on four counts of first degree murder. And he appeared to show no emotion when he went before the judge.  8/15/2013 Related Story: Infant, Teen, 2 Adults Found Dead In OKC Home  Green appeared remarkably calm as the judge read the accusations against him. Dressed in an orange jail jumpsuit with his head cocked to the side, he just listened, with a blank stare on his face as the judge explained the legal process he was now going to face.  According to court papers, Green is accused of shooting and killing his mother, Sallie Cizek, his sister Rebecca Cizek, and her two children, 17-year-old Katherine Cizek and 6-month-old Amario Dominguez.  The ME reports both Sallie and baby Amario were shot in the head, and that Katherine had gunshot wounds to the back and head. Rebecca suffered gunshot wounds to the head and chest.  Court papers show police found a semi-automatic handgun in Green's car when they pulled him over near S.E. 59th and Sooner Rd. Court papers also reveal family members said Green was diagnosed as being schizophrenic and has a history of being violent  Laquana Cizek, 19, lost her mother, sister, brother and grandmother in the bloodbath. She says the murder happened the day after her birthday and she had just moved to Kentucky for college.  Laquana says her uncle was obsessed with Selena Gomez, which was confirmed by a search of his Facebook page. Court papers state Green told police he was trying to get away from his family members because they were stopping him from being with his one true love in California.  Court papers say Green would not directly tell police that he murdered his family members in the house, but he did state he could have emptied a magazine on them but doesn't remember because he blacked out and it was a blur.