44-year-old had been in critical condition.  Florida Department of Law Enforcement and Union County Sheriff's Office officials gather Aug. 24, 2013, in Lake Butler, Fla., after a former trucking company employee shoots 4 co-workers and then himself. (Photo: WTLV- and WJXX-TV, Jacksonville, Fla.) Story Highlights Former employee of Pritchett Trucking shot 4 then himself  All 4 people shot were current or former Pritchett Trucking employees  Only one man has survived; he was released from the hospital Tuesday  LAKE BUTLER, Fla. — A third man, shot in the stomach Saturday by a former trucking company employee who went on a rampage, has died from his wounds.  David Griffis, 44, who had been in critical condition after shooter Hubert Allen Jr., 72, shot four co-workers from Pritchett Trucking Company in this northern Florida community about 50 miles southwest of Jacksonville, succumbed to his wounds Tuesday, Union County sheriff's officials said.  STORY: Shooter made list of victims, police said  "I'm very well heartsick because he was a friend of mine," Ricky Waller said. "He was always very cheerful and a hard working man who loved his family -- and his friends. And he was a friend to me,"  The Rev. Patrick Maxwell of Victory Christian Center said even family members do not know why Allen went on the shooting spree. Allen's daughter and grandchildren are members of Maxwell's church.  On Saturday, Allen drove to a location owned by his former boss, Marvin Pritchett, the trucking company's founder. He shot and killed former co-worker Rolando Gonzalez-Delgado, 28, around 9 a.m., then went a short distance and killed Pritchett, 80, who began the company in 1980. At one time Allen, the step-grandfather of Buffalo Bills running back C.J. Spiller, was considered his top assistant.  A few minutes later, Allen saw another former co-worker, Lewis Mabrey Jr., 66, driving a farm tractor, exchanged words with him and fired a shotgun, authorities said. Mabrey was released from the hospital Tuesday.  Allen then went to company headquarters here and shot Griffis.  &amp;lt;!--iframe--&amp;gt;  Afterward, Allen went home and killed himself. Deputies recovered a .22-caliber rifle, a .410-small-bore shotgun and an unfired .32-caliber handgun.  Waller said he'll focus on the positive and the good times he had with Griffis.  "He was just always smiling," Waller said. "He didn't deserve what he got."  Pritchett Trucking, which employs 400 people and owns hundreds of vehicles that operate nationwide, released a statement on Griffis' death.  "David was a remarkable man who personified true work ethic and integrity and who was an integral part of our company-and of our lives," company officials said. "David will always be a part of our family."  Allen left behind a list of people he intended to kill. One person on the list wasn't shot and was never in danger, said Lt. Lyn Williams, a Union County Sheriff's Office spokesman.  Before a Tuesday service honoring the victims, Maxwell said the service had a clear purpose.  "We hope that we're able to come together and this will be an outpouring of love from person to person, that there will be an increase in love in parts our community and there be no ill will whatsoever," he said. "And that is our prayer for tonight."  Contributing: The Associated Press  A Tuesday service at Victory Christian Center in Lake Butler, Fla., honored those died as a result of a Saturday work-related shooting. WTLV- and WJXX-TV, Jacksonville, Fla.  Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/18kogOh