Four people were shot in Oakland Sunday. Two of the victims are children: a 12-year-old girl and eight-year-old girl. NBC Bay Area’s Kimberly Tere is in Oakand with the latest on the investigation. (Published Monday, Aug. 26, 2013)  Four people including a 12-year-old and an 8-year-old were injured in a shooting this afternoon on the 1300 block of 104th Avenue, Police Spokeswoman Officer Johnna Watson said.  Officers responding to the 2:21 p.m. shooting found one male adult, one female adult and an 8-year-old and a 12-year-old at the scene, all suffering non-fatal gunshot wounds, Watson said.  All four have been taken to local hospitals for treatment.  No suspects are in custody at this time, Watson said.  UPDATE: Two Children, Two Adults Injured in Oakland Shooting  Four people are recovering tonight after being shot in East Oakland Sunday afternoon. Two of the victims are children: a 12-year-old girl and 8-year-old girl. The shooting happened in the middle of the day just before 2:30 p.m. NBC Bay Area’s Kimberly Tere reports from Oakand with the latest. (Published Sunday, Aug. 25, 2013)  UPDATE: Several blocks around the 1300 block of 104th avenue were blocked off this afternoon as Oakland police investigated the shooting.  Glen Upshaw is the founder of Men of Influence, a group working within communities to prevent violence.  "I was just like-not again," Upshaw said. "I think we had 12 shot last weekend and then it’s been several this week. It's a cause that is really near and dear to my heart and I’d really like to make a difference."  Upshaw knows first hand about the streets of Oakland. His three sons are all in prison.  He said while he cannot do much to help them, he is doing what he can to keep others from committing crimes and ending up behind bars.  "It’s a bad situation and it’s not anything I would want anyone to have to go through," Upshaw said. "So if I can pass that message on and hopefully it will reach the community because it’s a dead end at the rate that we’re going now. We’ve almost lost a whole generation as it is."  Upshaw said his group attempts to intervene if it knows a crime will occur. In the case of today’s shooting, he said they will reach out to the families of the victims to see if they need anything.  "It’s sad because the child doesn’t even have a chance," Upshaw said.  Children in Oakland have been the victims of shootings multiple times this year. Since January, eight people under the age of 18 have been killed in the city.    MORE: Violent weekend in Oakland: three shootings within 24 hours.