Authorities arrest second suspect in connection with quadruple murders Posted: Thursday, September 12, 2013 12:54 PM EDT Updated: Friday, October 11, 2013 10:56 AM EDT  A second suspect has been arrested after a grand jury indictment in connection with the Sept. 12 quadruple murder in rural Cumberland County.  Jacob Allen Bennett, 26, of Crab Orchard, and Brittany Lina Yvonn Moser, 25, of Dayton, TN, were both indicted Friday morning by the Cumberland County Grand Jury.  Authorities found four victims, three of which were teens in a car near the Renegade Mountain development.  The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation said 22-year-old Danielle Jacobson was the driver of the car, and her passengers were 17-year-old Steven Presley, 17-year-old Dominic Davis and 16-year-old John Lajeunesse.  Bennett was found in Rhea County overnight after the murder and was arrested at that time on an unrelated parole violation charge.  The grand jury indictment charged Bennett with four counts of premeditated murder, four counts of felony murder and two counts of attempted aggravated robbery.  Authorities said Moser, who is Bennett's girlfriend, was with Bennett at the time of the murders. She was indicted on four counts of felony murder and two counts of attempted aggravated robbery.  The two robbery counts stem from Bennett and Moser attempting to rob Jacobson and Davis during a marijuana exchange, according to authorities.  Moser was arrested at her home in Dayton. Both were set to have court appearances Friday morning in Cumberland County.    "I think the citizens of Cumberland County and Crossville can rest assured that we believe that we have this person that committed these crimes in custody, that this community is safe through the hard work of all these agencies," said TBI Director Mark Gwyn in a press conference on Sept. 13.    Authorities believe the four people found shot to death were deliberately targeted and not the victims of random violence, but a motive in the shooting has not been released.  Their bodies were discovered by a resident of the Renegade Mountain resort community, about 50 miles west of Knoxville, who saw the parked car on his way to work at about 7 a.m. Thursday.  The Renegade Mountain Resort was built in 1969 as part of the Cumberland Gardens gated community, and at one time had a lounge, restaurant, lodge and ski slope. The lodge was destroyed in by a fire in 2000.  "Our condolences go out to the families of these victims of this terrible crime. I think we also have to remember the families and school mates of these young children, so we need to keep and remember these people in our prayers and our thoughts," said District Attorney General Randy York at a press conference on Sept. 13.    The investigation is ongoing, and officials have not released information on the charges Bennett may face.  Copyright 2013 WSMV (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.