A woman, her 12-year-old son and 19-year-old godson were identified Monday as the three people killed in a quadruple shooting Sunday night in Gwinnett County.  A fourth person was also injured and police said the suspect was a guest at the home. But they have yet to determine the motive for the shootings.  On Tuesday, they were still searching for the suspect, Mr. Robert E. Bell for three counts of murder and one count of aggravated assault, according to Gwinnett County police.  Around 9 p.m., officers responded to a domestic call at a home at 4630 Anderson Livsey Lane near Snellville.  Initially, officers found two victims suffering from gunshot wounds, police spokesman Cpl. Jake Smith said.  Both were transported to Gwinnett Medical Center, where one was pronounced dead. That person has been identified as Ms. Angelina Benton, the 34-year-old owner of the home where the shooting happened, Cpl. Smith said.  The second victim, Ms. Benton’s 23-year-old boyfriend Mr. Justin Cato, was shot in the leg but is expected to survive his injuries, Cpl. Smith said.  He was able to call 911 from his cell phone a few minutes after the initial caller, police said.  Suspicious that the suspect was still inside the home, the department’s SWAT unit entered the residence where they found the bodies of 12-year-old Joseph McDonald and 19-year-old Raynord Daniel, Cpl. Smith said. Both had been shot to death.  “Detectives have determined that the victim, Angelina Benton, allowed Bell and his wife, Danielle Hill-Bell to move into the home about two weeks prior to this incident,” Cpl. Smith said. “This seems to have been a charitable act by Angelina Benton. The victims and the suspect were thought to be on good terms and at this point the motive for the murders is not clear.”  Ms. Hill’s vehicle, a black SUV, was recovered at the scene and officers found an assault rifle similar to an AR-15 inside, the corporal said. They believe it may be the murder weapon. They later found Ms. Hill, but it was unclear if she is also a suspect.  Anyone with information on Mr. Robert Bell’s whereabouts is asked to contact Homicide Unit detectives at (770) 513-5300.  Receive daily news stories and stay current by clicking on the subscribe button at the top of the article and get automatic updates via email each time a new article is published. You may also get quick updates on articles as well as read more local news stories at: http://www.facebook.com/pages/Atlanta-Public-Safety-Examiner/19583707047.