Update: The neighborhood and Sexton alumni show support for students  LANSING — A quiet afternoon turned chaotic as three Sexton High School students were caught in an apparent ambush just before 3 p.m. on Tuesday, three blocks from the school.  What neighbors initially thought were fireworks turned out to be gunshots. Some saw two of the shooters hiding behind houses with guns at the ready for the victims, including one with a shotgun.  "One of them was hiding behind the house next door" lying in wait in a neighbor's driveway, said a resident who withheld his name out of fear of retaliation. "All of a sudden, they're in the back of my house and I hear something that sounds like firecrackers, but then more rounds started going off and I knew it was a gun."  The resident said he came out of his house to tend to one of the male victims and watched as two of the assailants escaped in a tan SUV.  Delia Pizana, a resident on the 1500 block of Ottawa Street where the shooting occurred, said she too thought the noise was fireworks. "I didn't know they were shots. All of a sudden, I saw the kids scatter."  The three victims - two males, ages 14 and 15, and a 17-year-old girl - were taken to Sparrow Hospital and treated for non-life threatening injuries, Lansing police said during a press conference. A fourth victim came to the hospital with a gunshot wound but it is unclear whether he is connected to the shooting.  "We have four young people injured who might have been dead, but by the grace of God, they're not," a visibly angry Lansing Mayor Virg Bernero said during a press conference on Tuesday afternoon. Bernero was at the scene of the shooting with police.  "Parents, uncles, aunts, sisters, and brothers need to step up," he added. "For God's sake, help us stop this senseless violence."  Sexton High School and other schools in the surrounding area were put on immediate lockdown following the incident.  Police say they are using all available resources to figure out what happened.  "Violent crime will not be tolerated in this city," Interim Police Chief Mike Yankowski said. "Gun violence specifically is not going to be tolerated in this city. We are working with our federal, state, and local partners right now. We are out on the streets tracking those who are responsible for this crime today."  Yankowski pointedly noted the pre-planned nature of the incident, which seemed to stem from an incident inside the school.  "This was not a random act," Yankowski said. "Once again, our youth are turning to gun violence to settle their difference over being disrespected; over getting dissed on the street. At what point is the gun violence going to stop in this city?  "I can assure you that those are involved in gun violence in this city, and the violent nature of the youth and young adults, we're coming after you, we're going to hold you responsible, and we're going to keep this community safe."  For neighbor Delia Pizana, it was a sad afternoon. "There was real bloodshed today."  Police ask anyone with information on the shooting to call with tips to (517) 483-7867 or you can text an anonymous tip to 847411 and start it with LPD517.    