More Video... (WSAZ Photo/Tim Irr) (WSAZ Photo/Tim Irr)  More Stories  UPDATE: Mayor Talks About Status of Northcott Court Demolition Project Following Shooting  Housing Complex Residents React to Mass Shooting in their Neighborhood Shooting Victims All Have Criminal Records HUNTINGTON, W.Va. (WSAZ) -- All six of the victims from Tuesday's shooting in the Northcott Court housing complex have criminal records, according to research by WSAZ.com.    Five of them are from Huntington, while the sixth man, Maurice Miller, is from Columbus, Ohio.    According to court documents, Jamal Tubbs was arrested just three days before the shooting on a drug possession charge.    Andre Branch has been arrested at least a dozen times since 2000.    Police say Semaj Figg, Jayron Washington and Dwight Green have also all been arrested on various charges. Green has served federal prison time for drug trafficking and was also named a suspect in a murder in Huntington in 2008, but he was never formally charged.    Officers say the fact that the victims aren't cooperating with the investigation is disturbing, but they aren't surprised.    So far, no arrests have been made and no suspects have been named.    Huntington Police Chief Skip Holbrook said investigators will work with neighbors to try to solve the crime and he is hopeful someone who knows something will come forward.    UPDATE 10/30/13 @ 11:15 a.m.  HUNTINGTON, W.Va. (WSAZ) -- The suspect in a shooting spree at an apartment complex in Huntington appeared in federal court in Huntington on unrelated charges Tuesday..  Antonio Smith, 31, of Huntington, was arraigned on gun and heroin charges.  According to the federal indictment from a May grand jury, investigators say Smith was in possession of a gun in January 2013. He was not permitted to have a gun due to prior convictions of unlawful wounding and attempt to commit a felony in Cabell County in 2010 and robbery in Franklin County, Ohio in 2001.  The indictment also says that in February 2013, Smith distributed heroin in the Huntington area.  During his arraignment Tuesday, Smith pleaded not guilty to the charges.  His trial has been set for January in U.S. District Court in Huntington.  Smith is also facing state charges in Huntington in connection with a shooting spree that happened in the Northcott Court housing complex on September 24.  In that case, he is charged with six counts of malicious wounding and one count of wanton endangerment.  Keep clicking on WSAZ.com for the latest on this story.  HUNTINGTON, W.Va. (WSAZ) – The suspect in a shooting spree at the Northcott Court housing complex last week has been captured in New York.  Huntington Police say Antonio Smith, 31, was arrested Thursday night in Brooklyn, New York by the FBI New York Swat Team.  Smith has been on the run since the shooting on September 24.  Six people were injured in the shooting.  Five of the victims left the scene and ran to a nearby gas station..  Police say surveillance footage from the station shows the victims going into the store, moving around the grocery and bathroom areas, as well as walking outside to the back of the store.  Police say they were able to recover a number of spent shell casings and two guns. One gun was found at Northcott Court. The other was found behind the gas station. Police say both of the weapons were stolen.  They also found a significant quantity of crack cocaine in the bathroom inside the store.  According to police,none of the victims provided detectives with information about a motive to the shooting, or with information about who pulled the trigger.  Smith is being charged with six counts of Malicious Wounding and one count of Wanton Endangerment.  He was also arrested on federal charges of being a felon in possession of a firearm and distribution of heroin.  There is no word on when Smith will be returned to Huntington.  Keep clicking on WSAZ.com for the latest information.  HUNTINGTON, W.Va. (WSAZ) -- Police have named a suspect in a shooting spree that sent six people to the hospital Tuesday night.  Officers are looking for Antonio Michael Smith, 31, of Huntington.  Smith is wanted for six counts of Malicious Wounding and one count of Wanton Endangerment.  Smith has been a familiar face on our news.  The Columbus native, who's lived in Huntington for several years, has been indicted on four felonies since 2006.  In 2009, police say he went into a man's home in Huntington and shot him three times.  He was charged with attempted first-degree murder.  Smith also faced drug charges in 2010 when Huntington police found crack cocaine in a home in the reach of children.  More recently in January, police arrested Smith again after tracking him on foot through the snow after he bolted from a traffic stop.  In 2010 on the attempted murder and drug charges, court documents show Smith ended up pleading guilty to lesser charges, unlawful wounding and attempting to commit a felony.  According to court documents, Smith served his sentences consecutively.  He was sentenced to 1 to 5 years in the shooting case and got out of prison in April of 2012.  Police say he is approximately 6'1", 170 pounds and has a large tattoo on his face.  Smith is accused of opening fire in Northcott Court at about 8:45 p.m.  Six people were injured. Four were taken to the hospital where they were treated and released.  Two are still in the hospital.  Keep clicking on WSAZ.com for the latest information.  HUNTINGTON, W.Va. (WSAZ) -- Huntington Police are still trying to track down a suspect in Tuesday night's shooting, but they say the victims are not being forthcoming with information.  The shooting happened around 8:45 Tuesday evening on Northcott Court.  Police say when they got on scene, they found one person with a gunshot wound on the porch of apartment 31. The victim was taken to St. Mary's Medical Center.  According to the press release, "Six people had been shot during some type of altercation among a group of people loitering in the courtyard area adjacent to the Northcott Court Community Center."  Police say all six victims suffered non-life threatening injuries to their lower extremities.  Five of the victims showed up at Cabell Huntington Hospital.  The victims have been identified as Jamal R. Tubbs, 21, of Huntington, Andre Maurice Branch, 36, of Huntington, Semaj Markes Leondre Figg, 22, of Huntington, Dwitght McVernon Green, 23, of Huntington, Jayron Antonio Washington, 19, of Huntington, and Maurice LaVelle Miller Jr., 23, of Columbus.  Police say Tubbs and Branch remain hospitalized. A spokesperson with Cabell Huntington Hospital says Branch is in good condition. No word on Tubbs' condition.  According to the release, five of the victims left the scene and ran to Huntington Mart Gas and Convenience Store in the 1100-block of Hal Greer Boulevard.  Police say surveillance footage from the store shows the victims going into the store, moving around the grocery and bathroom areas, as well as walking outside to the back of the store.  Police say they were able to recover a number of spent shell casings and two guns. One gun was found at Northcott Court. The other was found behind the convenience store. Police say both of the weapons were stolen.  They also found a significant quantity of crack cocaine in the bathroom inside the store.  According to the press release, none of the victims have provided detectives with information about a motive to the shooting, or with information about who pulled the trigger.  Chief Holbrook stated, "The uncooperative posture taken by the shooting victims in this investigation is disappointing and regretful. However, considering the fact that they each have had various and sometimes numerous encounters with law enforcement, it is not surprising."  Despite the lack of cooperation, the Huntington Police Department will continue to vigorously investigate this matter, according to the release.  Detectives are currently reviewing video footage and canvassing the area for additional information and evidence. As always, we encourage anyone with information to contact the HPD tipline at 304-696-4444.  Keep clicking on WSAZ.com for the latest on this story.  HUNTINGTON, W.Va. (WSAZ) -- Four of the six people shot Tuesday night at the Northcott Court house complex in Huntington have been released from the hospital.  The shooting happened about 8:45 p.m. Tuesday.  Some of the injured people walked to a nearby Marathon station in the 1100 block of Hal Greer Boulevard, while others went directly to Cabell Huntington Hospital and St. Mary's Medical Center.  Police say they recovered a firearm and magazine, but investigators  have not yet named any suspects or made any arrests in the case.  The names of the victims have not been released, and the two remaining in the hospital have what are described as non-life threatening injuries.  Keep clicking on WSAZ.com for the latest information.  HUNTINGTON, W.Va. (WSAZ) -- Six people suffered gunshot wounds in a shooting at the Northcott Court housing complex along Hal Greer Boulevard Tuesday night, Cabell County 911 dispatchers say.  Five of the victims are being treated at Cabell Huntington Hospital, while another is at St. Mary's Medical Center.  None of the victims' injuries are considered to be life threatening.  Police recovered a firearm and magazine, but the suspect remains on the run.  The shooting happened about 8:45 p.m. Tuesday.  Some of the injured people walked to a nearby Marathon station in the 1100 block of Hal Greer Boulevard, while others went directly to Cabell Huntington Hospital and St. Mary's Medical Center.  The victims at Cabell Huntington Hospital are in fair condition, according to a hospital spokesman.  Despite initial reports, none of the victims had been shot at the Marathon gas station.  Following the shootings, a Cabell Huntington Hospital spokesman said the hospital was limiting access to patients who needed immediate care.  Police tell WSAZ.com that officers from several law enforcement agencies will remain at the scene overnight as the investigation continues.  There are no traffic restrictions for motorists on Hal Greer Boulevard in that area.  Keep clicking on WSAZ.com for the latest information.  HUNTINGTON, W.Va. (WSAZ) -- At least four people have been shot Tuesday night in an area along Hal Greer Boulevard, including at a Marathon station in the 1100 block of Hal Greer, Cabell County 911 dispatchers say.  Another person was shot at the Northcott Court housing complex.  The shootings were reported about 8:45 p.m. Tuesday.  Three people walked into Cabell Huntington Hospital with gunshot wounds.  The extent of the victims' injuries is unknown.  No one is in custody at this time.  Huntington Police Department officers are on the scene. We also have a crew at the scene.  Keep clicking on WSAZ.com for the latest information.