More Video...  Download the WOWT 6 News App  Like “The News You Trust” on Facebook  Follow “The News You Trust” on Twitter  Watch live newscasts & replays  A violent night in Omaha has police opening three new shooting investigations that left seven people wounded Wednesday night and Thursday morning.  The first happened just before 10:30 p.m. near North 42nd and Browne streets where three people suffered gunshot wounds and one was grazed by a bullet when someone knocked on the door and opened fire before anyone could answer.  Police say a 19-year-old Keirra Johnson was admitted to Alegent Creighton University Medical Center for observation while 16-year-old Ennisha Devers and 2-year-old Da'Marion Devers were treated for gunshot wounds and released. Seventeen-year-old Danielle Ross was treated at the scene.  Twenty-three-year-old Mark Robinson was found on the floor of a residence near North 27th and Jaynes streets around 11:45 p.m. suffering from a gunshot wound to his back. He is expected to recover.  About the same time a third shooting occurred at North 36th Street and Kansas Avenue. Thirty-two-year-old Autrell Jackson told police he was sleeping in a back bedroom when he heard several shots and realized he'd been wounded in the leg.  The final victim walked into CUMC around 12:15 a.m.  Daylight unveiled how violent the first shooting was - the one on North 42nd. Children's toys outside the home did not deter the gunmen. They fired again and again. Four people were injured including the two-year-old.  Then came the gunfire on North 36th.  Bonnie Simmons told us, "I called the police. I was in the bedroom in the back. I heard like five or six shots right in a row."  The bullets hit two houses away from where Bonnie lives. She's heard shooting in the neighborhood before but she says now it's getting too close.  "We've had shooting down on Crown Point and then down on 34th. Then a guy got killed. He came home from work and somebody shot him. But it's never been this close. It scares me now."  Tena Nunn lives in the area and she said, "I was scared. I was nervous 'cause I have kids playing outside all the time. Just right here, you know. It's crazy."  The third shooting of the night happened in the Miller Park area, just one house away from where Tena lives. She just moved there with her two children, four months ago and she says she takes roll coll every time she hears shots fired.  "Everytime I hear about a shooting, I be like, please don't let it be nobody I know."  Those injured in the Wednesday night shootings are all expected to recover.  There was no initial word on any suspects.