Shalee Aleman remembers when the Allison Hill Community Center at 1524 Walnut St. was a place where kids could go after school for homework help or for summer programs.  It’s a shame that it's now associated with trouble, and even shootings, in the neighborhood where she’s lived for 25 years.  “It’s horrible…It’s kids getting hurt by something that could be so easily prevented,” she said. More security could help, along with more police patrols in the neighborhood, she believes.  Harrisburg police said they were called to the neighborhood at 12:55 a.m. Sunday for a      report of a person shot and multiple shots being fired. Multiple gunshot victims began arriving at local hospitals, but all injuries were determined to be non-life threatening.  Police said there had been a fight at a youth party in the center, and as people were leaving the building someone began shooting into the crowd from outside. Multiple people and parked vehicles were hit, police said.  Aleman said she saw security at the center patting people down as they entered. “I thought they were having a typical party,” she said.  She slept through the gunshots. “We’re kind of used to it. It doesn’t really faze us anymore,” Aleman said.  Teens are still going there just to have a good time, Aleman said, and people rent out the center for everything from parties to baby showers and wedding receptions.  “It’s not really a bad influence,” she said. “It takes one person to have everything fall apart from there.”  The center is across the street from District Judge Marsha Stewart’s office, and around the corner from a city fire station. At the end of the block, Momar Diallo renovated a rundown bar into Anna’s Market, a convenience store and soon to be added deli at the corner of 16th and Walnut.      “I’m trying to change the perception around here,” Diallo said. “It’s not surprising to me,” he said of the shootings, which are at least the third incident of gun violence in the neighborhood since he opened in April.  Only 25 days after he opened a man was shot eight times in the street, and two weeks ago, bullets hit the siding on the second floor apartment of his building, and grazed the street level door frame, Diallo said.  “It is the neighborhood. We have to change it,” he said. “For me, the city can help,” he added, but putting in brighter street lights and adding more police patrols.  “I am part of the community. They are my customers,” Diallo said of the neighborhood in which he would like to add a mini-mall on a vacant lot across the street. “This community deserves as good services as any other community,” Diallo said.  Wayne Johnson, a contractor, said he heard 11 shots early Sunday as he was finishing up work on a house nearby.  Johnson said there are community-minded people holding church services Sunday and events like wedding receptions at the center. “There are people who want to come into the city and do things and they are deterred,” he said, by crime.  “It’s just sad. Unfortunately you can’t control what goes on on the streets,” Johnson said.  He credits businessmen like Diallo for trying to improve the neighborhood. “This was really a blighted area with a lot of gang and drug activity. They’ve done a lot of positive things here on this corner,” Johnson said.  The community center was closed Monday morning. A plaque visible inside shows that the Reed-Moore Central Allison Hill Community Center opened in January 1989 with funds donated by John Vartan.  City officials have not yet responded to a request for information on who now operates the center and who was hosting the party Saturday.  The investigation continues, anyone having any information is asked to contact Det. Jason Paul at 717-255-3154 or email jpaul@cityofhbg.com; or Officer Paula Trovy at 717-255-3158 or emailptrovy@cityofhbg.com.    