Police said Good Samaritan was killed around dawn when another after-hours-club patron fired during dispute about cover charge.  Las Vegas police cordoned off part of Bally's Hotel-Casino on the Las Vegas Strip on Oct. 21, 2013, after a gunman opened fire around dawn at an after-hour club inside. One patron died and two security guards were wounded. (Photo: Mike Blasky, Las Vegas Review-Journal/AP)  A Good Samaritan was killed and two security guards were wounded at dawn Monday in a shooting at a Las Vegas Strip nightclub inside Bally's Hotel and Casino, Las Vegas Metro police said.  Police Lt. Jay Roberts said a suspect was in custody and the victims were taken to University Medical Center.  The Las Vegas Review-Journal identified the gunman as Benjamin Frazier, 41, of Las Vegas, who has a violent criminal record. He was being treated for a head injury after club patrons and security guards subdued him, police said.  The shooting happened about 5:45 a.m. (8:45 a.m. ET) Monday at Drai's, an after-hours club. Police crime-scene tape was wrapped around some rows of slot machines outside the club, but gambling continued elsewhere in the casino.  Witnesses told police the suspect asked guards if he could check out the crowd before paying a cover charge. He decided to pay the cover but came out soon after afterward demanding a refund because the club wasn't full.  He then pulled a gun on the security manager and began firing as several people attempted to disarm him. The manager was shot in the arm and another guard was wounded. A third man leaving the club intervened to help but died in the gunfire.  "Typical good samartian killed while trying to help," police Sgt. John Sheahan said.  The shooter will be booked at Clark County Detention Center after his release from the hospital, the Review-Journal said.  Lt. Jay Roberts said the shooter likely fired three or four shots. It's unclear if the club host who refused to let the shooter inside was one of the victims.  Police did not disclose the extent of the other victims' injuries.  The Strip was the scene of a dramatic shooting and explosion last winter. Authorities say verbal sparring erupted into a shooting, chase and crash that left three people dead in February. The suspect faces trial Dec. 2 and could face the death penalty.  Contributing: Associated Press  Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1gy6MaQ