, Christian Post Contributor By Jon Campbell Christian Post Contributor  (Photo: AP Images / Jae C. Hong)  The Bally's hotel shooting in Las Vegas has killed one and injured four others – including the shooter - according to reports on Monday.  Metro Police have confirmed that one patron died in the shooting incident early on Monday morning, and three others were injured at a nightclub in Bally's Hotel and Casino.  Authorities have not yet released any information about the condition of those who were injured, but all three victims – all male – were rushed to University Medical Center to receive urgent medical treatment for their injuries.  Police spokesman Larry Hadfield also confirmed that the shooter had also been injured in addition to the three victims, and the suspect was hospitalized through his injuries too.  Authorities have said that the suspect will be booked in absentia for murder and multiple counts of attempted murder, according to The Associated Press.  The shooting incident took place just before 6 a.m. local time on Monday at Drai's, an after-hours club. The club is generally popular with those who have finished their festivities at other hotspot nightclubs in the area and go to Drai's afterwards. The nightclub is situated on the lower level of Bally's.  Metro Sgt. John Sheahan has described that the suspect entered the club and asked security if he could enter to look around before paying the cover charge. They agreed and he went for a quick walk around the club before then offering to pay.  However, just a short time after he demanded a refund for the entrance fee. The manager of the establishment was then called and an argument broke out, which ended with the man shooting the manager in the arm.  A security officer attempted to intervene but the gunman also shot then shot him.  Another security guard and a patron then tried to wrestle the gun from the suspect, however, that is when tragedy struck and the security guard was seriously injured, and the patron was shot and died.