Uncle: Bally's shooting suspect 'piecing his life together' Posted: Monday, October 21, 2013 9:35 AM EDT Updated: Tuesday, December 31, 2013 12:11 AM EST  Police said a patron and two security guards were shot at the Bally's hotel-casino in the early morning hours of Oct. 21, 2013. (FOX5)  Las Vegas Metro police taped off a section inside Bally's hotel-casino after an early morning shooting on Oct. 21, 2013. (Shannon Moore/FOX5)  A previous booking photo of Drai's nightclub shooting suspect Benjamin Frazier was on display in a Metro news conference on Oct. 21, 2013. (Azenith Smith/FOX5)  A shooting suspect who was tackled to the ground after gunfire at the entrance of a Las Vegas Strip nightclub has a long criminal history, according to police.  Las Vegas Metro police identified the suspected gunman in the deadly shooting at Drai's nightclub inside Bally's Hotel and Casino early Monday as 41-year-old Benjamin Frazier.  Frazier's uncle, former Nye County District Attorney Robert Beckett, was shocked when he learned his nephew was involved in an altercation, even though Frazier has a history.  "Last time I spoke to him, he was doing well. He was working for a dealership off Sahara and was piecing his life back together," Beckett said.  In a news conference Monday afternoon, police said Frazier has been arrested several times before for assaults at nightclubs.    Police said Frazier was taken into custody after a patron was shot and killed while trying to subdue the suspect. A nightclub manager and a security officer were also wounded but not killed, police said.    According to Metro, officers responded to the shooting at Drai's about 5:45 a.m.    Police said a man who paid to enter Drai's got into an argument with management when he wanted his cover fee refunded.  The argument led the suspect to pull out a gun and shoot at a manager and security guards. Police said at least three people - one patron and two security guards - tried to get ahold of the gunman.  The patron was shot and killed while the manager and a security guard were wounded by gunfire, police said. The manager was struck in the arm while a security guard was shot in the stomach, police said.    Another security guard was possibly shot and injured, police said.  The suspect was then tackled by more security guards and patrons. The suspect was taken into custody. That person and the injured victims were rushed to University Medical Center for treatment, police said.  In a news conference Monday afternoon, Sheriff Doug Gillespie called the slain patron's actions "heroic."    Frazier was booked in absentia into Clark County Detention Center.    Police said nightclub guests had to be evacuated following the shooting.  In a statement released late Monday morning, Bally's said the nightclub and the casino were supporting the investigation. The Strip property also said police recognized the quick response by security personnel.  "Drai's After Hours and Bally's Las Vegas extend deepest sympathies to those injured by the shooter," Bally's statement said.  The Las Vegas Convention and Visitors Authority issued this statement in response to the shooting:  "The LVCVA, Las Vegas resorts and law enforcement agencies work closely to maintain a safe and secure experience for our visitors and residents. Las Vegas is among the safest travel destinations in the world and utilizes the most advanced training and technology to maintain a secure environment, including 37 new surveillance cameras the Metropolitan Police Department recently installed in the resort corridor to assist in monitoring safety and security."  Stay tuned to FOX5 for the latest on this developing story.    Copyright 2013 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.