(Peter Hvizdak — Register)Saturday October 26, 2013(Peter Hvizdak — Register)New Haven Police investigate the crime scene where one woman is dead, two people are listed in critical condition and three are being treated for non-life threatening wounds and injuries after a shooting at the Key Club Cabaret at 85 Saint John St. near Hamilton St. Saturday morning October 26, 2013.  NEW HAVEN>> One woman is dead, one person is listed in critical condition and four are being treated for other injuries after a shooting at the Key Club Cabaret at 85 Saint John St. Saturday.  The shooting occurred around 3:30 a.m. and claimed the life of Erica Robinson, 26, of West Haven. A 19-year-old woman, Amanda John of Asylum Street in New Haven, was also among the victims of the shooting.  Other shooting victims include:  — Jahad Brumsey, 29, of Garden Street in New Haven (critical)  Advertisement  — Nijia Ward, 24, of Lilac Street in New Haven  — Albert Dickerson, 34, of Sherman Parkway in New Haven  — Ivette Sterling, 25, of Osborn Street in New Haven  The homicide is the fourth club-related of the year and 16th overall, according to police. Mayor John DeStefano Jr. said, in his 20 years as mayor, he has never seen such a high percentage of club-related homicides.  He called on the state legislature Saturday afternoon at a press conference to adopt wide reforms to target the violence seen in and around nightclubs across cities.  “It’s curious to me in this state we stand on our high horse and say ‘jeez’; after Sandy Hook we should be banning all these assault weapons and such, true enough,” DeStefano said. “But it seems to me, after these kinds of incidents, you know look in the mirror in Connecticut and take action to save lives.”  Gov. Dannel Malloy was also on hand for the press conference Saturday afternoon. He expressed his condolences to the victims’ families and said he will work with DeStefano and the legislature on some of the proposals.  “As a former mayor myself for 14 years, I absolutely agree with almost everything the mayor has said,” Malloy said.  DeStefano made a wide range of proposals that are likely to draw the ire of many liquor establishments across the state.  He proposed the following measures, many of which would have to be adopted by the state legislature:  — Ability for cities to levy fees for nightclubs in a district where heavy police presence is required.  — Mandate that private security at nightclubs be licensed and trained by the Police Department.  — Ability for city to sign off on licenses for clubs.  — Review “mosaic” of different liquor licenses and see whether or not state should simplify them.  DeStefano’s term as mayor will be up before the start of next year’s state legislative session. He said it would be common sense for his successor to push for the same proposals, as well.  A New Haven officer was outside of the club at the corner of Hamilton Street around 3:30 a.m. when he heard gunfire coming from inside.  Police spokesman Officer David Hartman said an officer rushed into the club this morning as more than a hundred patrons rushed out the main doorway. Several other officers within the block arrived on scene within seconds.  Six gunshot victims were located within the club’s after-hours area, and Hartman said all available officers, along with firefighters and EMTs from the New Haven Fire Department, were dispatched. Ambulances were summoned to take the victims to area hospitals.  Hartman said that detectives had begun their investigation and had been interviewing several witnesses. No suspects had been identified, and police were asking anyone with information about this crime to call the Detective Bureau at 203-946-6304. Hartman said calls may be made anonymously.  Police said that they were told the owners of the club, John Bertini and Peter Forchetti, were not on the property during the shootings. Hartman said that the Key Club is an adult entertainment venue, and the area of the club that was open to the public has a “bring-your-own-alcohol” policy. The interior was littered with drug paraphernalia and drug packaging, and smelled of marijuana, police said.  The Key Club Cabaret’s website says it is Connecticut’s largest after-hours club Friday and Saturday, and Connecticut’s hottest club. The club’s Twitter said it was offering happy hour all day Friday, and invited people to stop in.  Call Rich Scinto at 203-789-5748.  Register Community Engagement Editor Shahid Abdul-Karim and Register staff member Charlotte Adinolfi contributed to this story.Have questions, feedback or ideas about our news coverage? Connect directly with the editors of the New Haven Register at AskTheRegister.com