As of 3:30 p.m. on October 29, 2013, Brownlow is only being charged on one count of capital murder and one count of evading arrest but additional charges will be forthcoming according to the Terrell Police Department.    The chaos began at approximately 5:00 p.m. when the Terrell Police Department responded to a call of a female gunshot victim in the 300 block of Tyler Street in Terrell's Stallings Addition. According to Chief Lay, the victim appeared to have one gunshot wound to the head. She was later identified by police as the suspect's aunt, 55-year-old Belinda Young Walker.    Shortly thereafter, a Terrell firefighter noticed the residence at 309 Stallings Street was on fire. After extinguishing the fire, fire investigators discovered the body of 61-year-old Mary Catherine Brownlow who was later identified as the suspect's mother. "The fire investigators observed strong indicators the fire was the result of arson," states Terrell Police Captain A.D. Sansom in a news release.    Investigators also discovered a 2002 white Ford Focus was missing from the Stallings Street residence and a bulletin was put out to all area agencies to be on the lookout for the vehicle and 36-year-old Charles Everett Brownlow Jr., who was identified as the suspect by the Terrell Police Department.    At approximately 10:00 p.m., the Terrell Police Department received another report of a shooting in the 800 block of North Frances Street. Witnesses describe a suspect who fit the description of Brownlow and the vehicle he was driving. Multiple gunshots were fired at this scene but no injuries were reported.    At approximately 10:27 p.m., the Terrell Police Department received yet another shooting report in the 800 block of Eulalia Drive with the same descriptions as the previous call. Investigators found two more deceased individuals, 33-year-old Jason Wooden and 30-year-old Kelleye Pratt. A 4-year-old child was also found at the scene unharmed and is with family members, according to Chief Lay.    An off-duty Terrell Police officer spotted the suspect and the vehicle he was driving at Ali's Market at 700 West Moore Avenue at approximately 10:37 p.m. Brownlow shot and killed 22-year-old clerk Luis Leal at Ali's Market before fleeing in the vehicle towards the Stallings Addition. Passing right by the first two crime scenes, police chased Brownlow eastbound on College Mound Road where Brownlow rammed through a locked gate and later stopped and fled on foot into a wooded area.    Authorities from all over Kaufman County, Texas Department of Public Safety, and the Garland Police Department set up a perimeter around the area where Brownlow fled and a three hour manhunt ensued. Brownlow was later captured in a creek near the railroad tracks near Gardner and Canton Streets.    Brownlow is currently in the custody of the Terrell Police Department.