Four adults and two children were killed in a domestic situation at a Greenwood County home Tuesday night -- and four other children ran from the scene of the shooting to a neighbor's home, according to the sheriff.  Greenwood County Sheriff Tony Davis described the scene as "horrific."  Davis said the bodies were found in the home on Callison Highway after someone called 911 from inside the home and said they were going to hurt themselves.  While officers were in route, a neighbor called 911 and told dispatchers that the four children from the home came to her house, and that they heard a shot fired, deputies said.  Deputies said when they arrived at the house, they tried to get a response from those inside the home. When they could not, the SWAT team entered the home at 7:30 p.m. and found the bodies, said Davis.  Davis said he believes the children killed in the shooting were 9 and 10 years old.  The names of the victims have not been released.  Davis said all of the victims were shot.  "It's a situation that just takes your heart. It's sad. It's horrific," Davis said. "Your heart just goes out to the family members and everyone involved," he said.  The Greenwood Index-Journal has identified the alleged gunman as 27-year-old Bryan Sweatt. He was among the dead, according to the paper. A family member confirmed to News 4 that Sweatt was the shooter.  According to court records from the Greenwood County Clerk of Court, Sweatt had two active criminal cases, one for petty larceny and the other for burglary.  Court records also show Sweatt had 22 previous criminal charges dating back to the years 2005 and 2010. Those charges included assault and battery, forgery, burglary and malicious injury.  Deputies say they believe the gunman was dating one of the victims, but they have not yet named Sweatt as the shooter.  Bernard Rush went to check on the children at the neighbor's house this morning. He said they were all doing OK.  Rush said the children who were freed by the shooter were all girls and all related to the victims.  "This is just an experience you don’t believe," said Rush. "For all the family members to be gone at one time. And that somebody could do this to somebody else.”  Rush said the children are all with other family members now.  Jeff Hicks, who has lived in the neighborhood for five years, told News 4 the couple who lived in the home had several grandchildren.  He said the family had a dirt track on their property and children were frequently there riding 4-wheelers.  "They were good people. It's unreal that situations get this bad. It's awful," Hicks said.