A police spokeswoman said two cars were following each other and shooting back and forth when they turned onto East Seven Mile road, near the barbershop.  Police gather at the scene of a multiple shooting at Rockie's barber shop in Detroit on Wednesday, Nov. 6, 2013. (Photo: Andre J. Jackson, Detroit Free Press) Story Highlights Victims were all males  Police seek at least two suspects, two Chevrolet Impalas  Police chief says business known for gambling  DETROIT -- Ten people were shot — at least two fatally — near a Detroit barbershop Wednesday night.  It happened at Al's barbershop on the city's east side around 6 p.m. ET, officials said.  Detroit Police Chief James Craig said all of the victims are males, but no ages or names were released. Police previously had said there were three fatalities, but changed that to two just before 8 p.m.  Police are looking for at least two suspects and two cars, a black Chevrolet Impala and a white Impala, which may have bullet holes in the back.  "I can't even imagine what would cause this type of violence," Craig said.  A police spokeswoman said the two cars following each other and shooting back and forth when they turned onto East Seven Mile road, near the barbershop.  People in the barbershop were playing dice at the time, and when they heard the gunshots, somebody opened the door, police spokeswoman Kelly Miner said.  Police said the business is known for gambling, but the motive for the shooting is unclear, and it's not known whether anybody in the barbershop was targeted.  People ran out of the barbershop to take cover at nearby businesses, Miner said.  Police were interviewing witnesses, but it's unclear how many people were inside or outside the barbershop at the time of the shooting, police spokesman Sgt. Michael Woody said.  The victims have been transported to multiple hospitals, including Detroit Receiving. One of the victims is listed in critical condition, police said.  Lorne Carter, 48, was smoking a cigarette against the wall of a nearby business when he said he heard about 30 to 40 shots fired.  "It sounded rapid," he said.  Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1bZVLbY