The owner of a business near the scene of a quadruple homicide Thursday night said surveillance footage shows a car arriving then quickly leaving just before the shootings were reported to Jacksonville police.  The owner, who the Times-Union is not identifying because the shooter or shooters are at large, said a car entered Randolph Street at 10:33 p.m. then ran a stop sign three minutes later as it left the dead end. Several minutes later, the clip shows police cars arriving on the scene.  The house where two men and their girlfriends were gunned down is outside the frame so couldn’t be seen and the make of car is not clear in the nighttime shot. The business owner said police didn’t want the footage released at this point.  A next-door neighbor called police after hearing multiple gunshots, police said.  When officers arrived, they were able to see four people — two women and two men — shot in the residence, said Melissa Bujeda, a spokeswoman for the Sheriff’s Office.  Three died at the scene and one was transported to a nearby hospital, where she died.  “We have an individual or individuals at large who shot and killed four people,” Bujeda said.  The victims were identified as 25-year-old Derek L. Williams of the home, 27-year-old Gontrell M. Hagans of Timuquana Avenue and sisters Keshell L. and Keyonna S. Brown, 21 and 22, both of West 11th Street.  Police said the shooting happened inside the house in the 1100 block and is one of three houses on the street that is a short block off Cassat Avenue in Murray Hill.  Friday morning, about three dozen people gathered at the end of Randolph where a police line was established. Some people in the area said the home often had several people coming and going throughout the day. According to calls for police service to the address, it was not a problem home, Chief Annie Smith said.  Johnny Hutchinson said one of the victims was his nephew, who he said had been shot once in the past.  Hutchinson said he tried to mentor the younger man who he feared was living dangerously.  “I’d just tell him it’s not working,” he said. “Some people just live the life and don’t know anything else.”  Bujeda urged anyone with information to call the Sheriff’s Office.  “We want someone to step forward,” she said. “We have a killer on the loose.”  Anyone with information can contact the Sheriff’s Office at (904) 630-0500 or First Coast Crime Stoppers at (866) 845-8477 (845-TIPS) to remain anonymous and be eligible for rewards. Or email JSOCrimeTips@jaxsheriff.org or rewards@fccrimestoppers.com.  The city is up to at least 99 homicides this year, according to Times-Union records. At the same time last year, there were 86.  dana.treen@jacksonville.com, (904) 359-4091  derek.gilliam@jacksonville.com, (904) 359-4619