FILED UNDER      LORAIN -- Wednesday afternoon the man wanted for shooting four people at the Liberty Gas USA was arrested in Elyria after a 24-hour manhunt involving U.S. Marshals, Lorain detectives, narcotics officers, and patrol officers.  Desmen Deupree Noble, 31, of Lorain, is being held in the Lorain City Jail pending his arraignment Thursday.  Four people were shot and one of them has died after an early morning shooting at the Liberty Gas USA gas station on Broadway Avenue at West 25th Street.  One victim, later identified as Herman Seagers, 33, of Lorain, was taken by LifeFlight to MetroHealth Medical Center in Cleveland where he died from his injuries.  Police say the other victims have non-life threatening injuries. They are identified as Danien Bell, 25; Alan Tate, 34; and Tallis Moore, 33.  Lorain police say Desmen Noble was involved in a confrontation at the Cotton Club prior to the shooting at the gas station.  Lorain Police say this is an ongoing investigation.  While neighbors who live nearby were shocked to hear of the number of victims, many say crime has been a growing concern in this part of Lorain.  "I just don't know how all these kids are getting these weapons. Where are they getting these guns from?" wonders Hilda Sharp.  Her friend Lysia Fenderson says the shooting may have been a drive-by retaliation targeting someone who was not among the victims. She's dismayed that innocent people may have been caught in the crossfire.  "It's just crazy. We are killing ourselves, and all we have are each other," Fenderson said of the violence.  Bishop Dennis Johnson, of Fairfield Christian Center, shares the same feeling.  "I wish I could say that I'm shocked, but I'm not shocked," Bishop Johnson said.  He's concerned that the shooting, whatever the motivation, has a cause rooted deep in societal problems.  "A lot of people, especially our young people, are numb to tragedy like this. We see it forgotten or brushed aside much too often," the pastor said.  Bishop Johnson says it goes back to family values, as well as education and economic concerns in Lorain.  He plans to speak with other pastors, as well as his congregation, about what can be done to curtail the violence.  "We need to look at our social fabric and see just what is needed to help families be just that -- families," Bishop Johnson said.  WKYC-TV