Facebook Police have tentatively identified the gunman as Raefe Akhbar, a musician with close ties to the Iranian band.  The bass player who gunned down three other musicians in their Brooklyn crash pad and then killed himself carried the murder weapon in a guitar case.  The .308-caliber assault rifle was found on a rooftop and next to the body of Raefe Akhbar, 29, who capped off his deadly rampage with a blast to the chin, police said.  Danny Krug Members of the band The Yellow Dogs left Iran where they attracted too much heat from Islamist hardliners and decamped for Brooklyn.  Two of the murdered musicians were brothers who belonged to The Yellow Dogs, an indie band that fled repressive Iran in pursuit of a rock ’n’ roll dream — only to land in a bloody Brooklyn nightmare.  Danny Krug Reported gunman Raefe Akhbar played the bass but was not a member of the band.  Band manager Ali Salehezadeh had to call Tehran and explain to the family of Soroush (Looloosh) Farazmand, 27, and Arash (Sina) Farazmand, 28, what happened to their sons.  Miikka Skaffari Vocalist Ali Eskandarian was the first victim; he was shot in the head through a window.  They arrived in the U.S. in 2010 and just recently were granted political asylum, sources said.  AP Photo/Danny Krug Drummer Arash Farazmand was the second to die. Akhbar shot him when he climed into the apartment through a window.  “People don’t own guns in Iran,” the manager said. “We don’t have this problem there.”  AP Photo/Danny Krug Guitarist Soroush Farazmand, Arash's brother, was shot in chest as he lay in bed.  Also killed was Ali Eskandarian, a 35-year-old musician who played with another band, police said.  Facebook The Yellow Dogs formed in Tehran and claimed The Kinks and Joy Division as influences.  A fourth man, 22-year-old Sasan Sadeghpourosko, was shot twice in his right arm and survived the massacre. An artist who is friends with the band members, said Sadeghpourosko was listed in stable condition at Elmhurst Hospital.  Anthony DelMundo/New York Daily News An unidentified woman mourns near the East Williamsburg, Brooklyn, scene where purported gunman Raefe Akhbar, who had close ties to Iranian-American indie rock band The Yellow Dogs, killed three people before going to the roof and shooting himself.  Salehezadeh denied reports that the rampage erupted because Akhbar was furious at being kicked out of the band after he was caught selling off their equipment.  Anthony DelMundo/New York Daily News A pool of blood is left on the roof Monday after gunman killed himself at Maujer St.  Akhbar played bass guitar for another rock band from Iran called the Free Keys, the manager said. He said the victims had not spoken to him for several months because of a “very petty conflict.”  A rifle similar to this Century Arms .308 caliber rifle, also called Century Arms Sporter, was used in the slaying of three Iranian rock musicians in Brooklyn early Monday.  Police said Akhbar had been kicked out of Free Keys last year for stealing band earnings. He did not have a local arrest record.  2013/Daily News, L.P. (New York) An example of an elliptical ogive (.44 caliber pistol bullet on left) versus a tangential ogive (.308 caliber rifle bullet on right). Bullets are made of copper alloys.  “He’d been trying to get back into the band,” a police source said. “He’d been showing up at shows to try to convince them to let him back in.”  Anthony DelMundo/New York Daily News Police investigate the scene after a bloody shooting spree just after midnight.  Akhbar, who lived in Ridgewood, Queens, with a roommate, arrived in the U.S. two years ago on a temporary work visa. His weapon was purchased before 2006 from a now defunct gun dealer in New City, Rockland County, sources said.  Henny Ray Abrams/AP Friend of the band Ali Eskandarian performs in 2008 at Joe's Pub's 10th Anniversary Gala and tribute to Judy Collins at the Public Theater in New York.  “We believe it was manufactured outside the U.S.,” Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly said.  Anthony DelMundo/New York Daily News Police say the gunman shot the men and then headed to the roof where he turned the .308-caliber rifle on himself.  Bushwick music maven Danny Krug said Akhbar was nothing like the members of The Yellow Dogs, who often hung out with members of Free Keys.  Facebook Brothers Soroush (l.) and Arash Farazmand (r.) of the band The Yellow Dogs were found dead Monday morning.  “I never thought he was violent, but he was weird,” Krug said.  Anthony DelMundo/New York Daily News Police converged on the East Williamsburg building after receiving reports of a man with a firearm.  The Yellow Dogs’ lead singer, Siavash (Obash) Karampour, 24, was tending bar at the Ding Dong Lounge on the Upper West Side while his bandmates were being killed, sources said.  Danny Krug Cops said a gunman shot and killed band members, seen in an undated photo, in an East Williamsburg.  The fourth member of the band is 26-year-old bass guitarist Koory Mirzeai, who was with a girlfriend at the time of the massacre.  Anthony DelMundo/New York Daily News Police investigate a shooting involving members of an Iranian indie rock band, The Yellow Dogs, in East Williamsburg on Monday.  The slaughter started shortly after midnight at 318 Maujer St.  Akhbar reached the building by hopping from roof to roof and then scaling down the side to a third-floor terrace where he claimed his first victim, Eskandarian, by shooting him in the head through a window, police said.  Then the gunman climbed inside through the window and shot Arash Farazmand dead before descending to the second floor and shooting his brother in the chest. Soroush Farazmand was lying in bed, but engrossed in his laptop, which may explain why he didn’t hear the initial shots, officials said.  Akhbar crossed over to another room and wounded Sadeghpourosko, whose brother made the first call to 911 at 12:04 a.m. Then Akhbar marched back upstairs, where a man and woman — both members of the U.S. Coast Guard from Puerto Rico who were in town for Veterans Day events — had been renting a room, said NYPD Deputy Commissioner John McCarthy.  When the man heard Akhbar heading back up to the third floor, he hopped into the shower with his girlfriend and both cowered in a bathtub, McCarthy said.  Meanwhile, Akhbar confronted a former Free Keys bandmate named Pooya Hosseini who had been hiding in a closet and tried to “convince him not to shoot,” said McCarthy. Hosseini started off by “begging for his life,” a source said. But when Akhbar fired, he grabbed the gun, and as they struggled it discharged several more times, McCarthy said.  When the clip suddenly fell off, Akhbar fled to the roof with the gun and shot himself. By the time cops arrived, the building had been transformed into a shooting gallery with blood and shell casings from around 16 shots scattered across two floors.  The Yellow Dogs were formed in Tehran, influenced by bands ranging from The Kinks to Joy Division. The quartet was featured in a documentary about the Tehran scene called “No One Knows About Persian Cats” that went on to win a prize at the Cannes Film Festival in 2009. But that made Iran too hot for The Yellow Dogs, who fled to Brooklyn.  “You can’t be a rock star in Iran,” Salehezadeh said.  The band thrived, landing gigs at hipster havens like The Knitting Factory in Williamsburg and the Bushwick venue Shea Stadium.  "You don't feel like a foreigner in New York City at all," lead singer Obash said in April 2012 interivew.  Martin Greenman, 63, who works around the corner at 406 Maujer St., said he'd seen the band members as recently as Friday.  "I see them almost every day," Greenman said. "It's just unbelievable. To see somebody on Friday and on Monday you're telling me there dead."  "They seem like really nice guys," he added. "They didn't seem to be in anyway to be violent guys. They weren't rabble rousers or anything like that."  With Ryan Sit, Philip Caulfied, Joe Kemp and Chelsea Rose Marcius  csiemaszko@nydailynews.com  On a mobile device? Click here to watch the video.