Brett Coomer/Houston Chronicle/AP A LifeFlight helicopter took two victims away from the scene to a local hospital. Both victims, a man and a woman, were critically wounded by a bullet in the head.  A gunman shot five people in the head, killing three, inside a Texas apartment on Wednesday, authorities said.  Cops were still hunting for the suspect, who fled the Sunbury Downs Apartments complex about 25 miles northwest of Houston after the deadly 4:30 p.m. shooting, police said.  Emergency workers arrived moments later and found three young people - including two women, one 18 years old, and a 20-year-old man - dead at the scene, the Houston Chronicle reported.  Brett Coomer/Houston Chronicle/AP A gunman shot five people in the head, killing three, inside a an apartment in suburban Houston on Wednesday. The shooter was still at large hours later.  A man and a woman were taken by helicopter to Memorial Hermann Hospital. They were listed in critical condition late Wednesday, the newspaper reported.  None of the victims were identified.  Brett Coomer/Houston Chronicle/AP A victim is rushed into a helicopter, which transported the wounded person to a local hospital. Two survivors remained in critical condition.  Investigators were still trying to determine a motive for the bloodshed, but found a cache of weapons and drugs inside the Peppermill Place apartment, the paper reported.  Neighbors told the Houston Chronicle that they've seen police responding to the complex more often over the past few years.  Click2Houston.com Three people are dead and two more injured after a shooting at an apartment complex in northwest Houston, according to authorities.  "It's gotten quite bad," said Terry Noisom, who has lived there for about 13 years. "I just want out of here...You can walk through the middle of the night and make a drug deal."  A shooting in nearby Cypress just 10 days ago left two dead and almost 20 injured. A teenage man was arrested and charged in that shooting.  Brett Coomer/Houston Chronicle/AP Investigators surround the apartment complex where five people were shot in the head, killing three.  with News Wire Services  On a mobile device? Click here for video