Authorities say a manhunt for a man suspected in a deadly shooting at a northwest Harris County apartment has ended with an arrest.  Johnathan Sanchez, 25, is charged with capital murder. Sanchez, who's also known as "J Boi," was captured this morning by members of the Gulf Coast Violent Offenders and Fugitives Task Force.  He was found around 1am at a home in east Harris County. Deputies said he surrendered peacefully.  Sanchez is accused in the shooting that happened Wednesday afternoon at a studio apartment in the 8200 block of Sunbury in the Copperfield area. Three people were killed and two were critically wounded.  Deputies were called to the Peppermill Apartments after someone heard gunshots and saw a man leaving a downstairs apartment. Inside that apartment, deputies found five people who had been shot.  Sheriff's department sources tell Eyewitness News the deceased victims were sitting on a couch and killed one by one. Two women and one man were shot in the head, and were each shot multiple times.  Another man and woman were also shot. They were flown by Life Flight to Memorial Hermann Hospital in critical condition.  "We have found other weapons and substances that we believe to be narcotics in the apartment," said Harris County Sheriff Adrian Garcia.  The slain victims have been identified as 17-year-old Veronica Hernandez, 21-year-old Yosselyn Alfaro and 17-year-old Daniel Munoz.  At this time, detectives are still investigating what caused the suspect to shoot five people. However, authorities said the victims have connections to gangs in the area. Detectives say Sanchez allegedly has ties to a well-known street gang.  Residents at the Peppermill Place Apartments have been on pins and needles since the shooting.  "I was nervous," Mariah Austin said. "I didn't want to come home, because I have three small kids. I have a four-month-old."  "I've just been lying low now in my house," Jose Hernandez said. "Not really coming out like that."  Sunday, they were breathing a collective sigh of relief now that the accused killer is off of the streets.  "It's definitely a relief; definitely a relief," Jonathan Soubeiga said.  The violent crime shocked the community. Residents tell us nothing like this has happened here before.  "It was horrible to do that to somebody. They're young kids," Austin said. "And I'm young, too. Those kids are my age. It's a horrible way to go."  Sanchez is charged with capital murder and was being held Sunday with no bond. He was scheduled to appear before a judge at 10am Sunday, but he did not make it due to a medical issue. He is now due in court Monday.  "I'm just glad he's caught, and hopefully something like this won't happen again," Soubeiga said.  Please stay with us for updates on Eyewitness News, abc13.com and our mobile apps.  Find Simon on Facebook at ABC13SimonGutierrez or on Twitter at @sggutierrez  Take ABC13 with you!  Download our free apps for iPhone, iPad and Android devices