Sergeant Walker said the shooter went into the house through the garage, went down a short hallway and turned left into the main living area, where all five people were hanging out.  Records show Randy Ethridge lives in the house where the shooting took place Saturday night and is the sole survivor.  Police believe a weekend Tulsa shooting that killed four people and left one seriously injured was meth related.  Police believe a weekend Tulsa shooting that killed four people and left one seriously injured was meth related. Authorities are still searching for the shooter.  Any murder is a tragedy. Each victim had family and friends who loved them. But police don't want citizens living in fear, thinking this is a random shooting that could happen to anyone.  In no way did these victims deserve this, but detectives say their lifestyle did put them at greater risk for violence.  Records show Randy Ethridge lives in the house where the shooting took place Saturday night and is the sole survivor. He was charged last February for selling meth, according to court documents.  When he didn't show up for court in October, a warrant was issued. When officers arrested him on that warrant recently, they said he had more meth on him. Charges have been filed, but both cases are still pending.  11/24/2013 Related Story: Tulsa Police ID Four Killed In Saturday Shootings  Police say he wasn't cooperating at first, but is now offering more information.  "The survivor has been about as helpful as any meth addicted, drug dealing person is. Initially, he lied, didn't tell the whole truth," said Sergeant Dave Walker, Tulsa Police Department.  Police say Ethridge was in a relationship with Glenda Harper, one of the four people killed in the house Saturday night. Records show she's served time in prison for selling drugs.  The other couple killed inside the home was Charlie and Melissa Dake. Records show they were married in 2007 and he has convictions for larceny. She pleaded guilty to domestic assault and battery this past summer.  The fifth person in the house was Tammy Brunson, who also goes by Tammy Ingram.  Police say trying to get information from witnesses who are associated with a meth lifestyle makes for slow going.  "They're paranoid of law enforcement, not getting the right story the first time or second time. So we go back and forth, back and forth. Be nice if they gave us the story right away, and we could get on with it," Walker said.  Sergeant Walker said the shooter went into the house through the garage, went down a short hallway and turned left into the main living area, where all five people were hanging out. He said the confined space made it nearly impossible for the victims to get away from the bullets.  If you know anything that can help police solve this case, call Crime Stoppers at 918-596-COPS.