Topeka police say a fourth victim has died from gunshot wounds suffered in two related shootings over the weekend.  Police spokeswoman Kristen Veverka says 45-year-old Carla Jean Avery died Tuesday at a hospital where she was taken Sunday after being found with a gunshot wound behind a restaurant.  Topeka police previously said three people found dead in a home over the weekend had been shot, although authorities still haven't disclosed a motive or a possible suspect.  Authorities have released few details about the shootings, which Veverka described as the first quadruple homicide in Topeka's history.  Police spokeswoman Kristen Veverka confirmed Tuesday in an email to The Associated Press that two men and one woman found in a home near Washburn University all died of gunshots. The cause of death had not previously been released to the public.  Police traced Avery's movements back to her home, about a half-mile from the restaurant, where the three bodies were found. The victims included Avery's brother and her ex-husband.  Earlier, authorities identified the third deceased victim as 34-year-oled Tamesha Lee of Topeka.  Previous story:  Two of the tree victims found dead in a central Topeka home Sunday afternoon have been revealed. In a news conference late Monday afternoon, officers identified them as 43 year-old Eric Christopher Avery and 56 year-old Marvin Louis Woods. They did not identify the third victim, a 34 year-old woman.  All three were discovered in the home, 1629 SW Central Park, around 5:30 p.m. Sunday as police investigated a reported shooting behind Johnnie's Place, 1225 SW 21st. Officers also identified that victim as Carla Jean Avery.  Two teens riding skateboards found her critically hurt around 4:00 p.m. on Sunday and called police. Their investigation led them to a vehicle in a car wash parking lot, at the corner of 21st and Central Park, which is believed to belong to Avery.  Officers were then went to her home on SW Central Park where they found the three other victims. All three scenes are still being processed by the Kansas Bureau of Investigations, police said.  Crime Stoppers has committed an $8,000.00 reward for information leading to an arrest in this case. If anyone has information regarding this case they can call Detectives at 368-9400 or Crime Stoppers at 234-0007.  Tips can also be taken at Topekacrimestoppers.com or text to “Crimes” 274637 and start the message with “Top Tip”.  Police said there is no larger threat to the public. They also asked anyone involved in an accident where there are no injuries to exchange information and contact authorities at a later time.  All Divisions of the police department, the Shawnee Co. Sheriff's Dept., members of the KBI Crime Scene Investigation Unit, and federal investigators have all joind in the investigation.  13 News confirmed Monday that the home on Central Park is the scene of a still unsolved homicide in 2007. The incident was originally considered a suicide involving Michael Torneden, 16. Police later ruled the case a homicide.  The home was also subject of a "shots fired" incident in 2010.  Also, kbi registered offender listing has a registered drug offender.  A review of public records and 13 News archives shows the Central Park address and the three identified victims are familiar to law enforcement.  The Kansas Bureau of Investigation's offender registry shows the shooting victim, 45-year-old Carla Jean Avery, was convicted for an August 2010 arrest of possessing cocaine with intent to distribute and registered as a drug offender at the 1629 address.  Also, Eric Avery was under Kansas Department of Corrections parole supervision in Shawnee County out of Missouri.  The Missouri Department of Corrections website shows he was convicted of robbery and armed criminal action.  Marvin Woods has prior convictions in Shawnee County for criminal damage to property and domestic battery.  Read about the 2010 case here, , to 2007 case here. and to view the registry here.  The Kansas Bureau of Investigation Crime Scene Unit was on site Monday investigating.