1 dead, 3 wounded as three masked gunmen break into home  The intruders approached the small house in the 6200 block of West 29th Avenue shortly before midnight, according to Gary Police Cpl. Gabrielle King. When they couldn't force their way, they went to another door and "encountered a resident of the home."  Three masked gunmen tried to kick in the door of a home in Gary, Ind., overnight, sparking a shooting that left one dead and three others wounded, authorities said.  Residents return to two small houses in the 6200 block of West 29th Avenue in Gary, Ind. Monday where overnight several people were injured and two killed by gunfire. (Michael Tercha, Chicago Tribune)  “At that point they led the resident back into the house at gunpoint, and while they were inside a struggle ensued and shots were fired," King said.  A neighbor related to one of the people in the home heard the shots and went over as the fight continued, King said.  Officers responding to shots fired found one person in the home dead and two people wounded. They also tracked down a wounded man in a car nearby, police said. Two other people in the car fled, police said.  The dead man was identified as Rolando Correa, 22, of Gary. He was pronounced dead at 1:57 a.m., according to the Lake County, Ind. coroner's office.  Police believe the shootings started as a robbery and said the wounded man in the car is a suspect. "There is a person of interest who is in custody," King said.  Two other people were killed by gunfire in Gary overnight.  Around 3:30 a.m. at 21st Avenue and Virginia Street, a man was fatally shot and his girlfriend wounded while riding in a 1991 Chrysler minivan with the gunman, according to King.  "The other occupant fired a shot and shot her male friend and then shot her," King said.  The 33-year-old woman was able to jump out of the van, which sped off with her friend inside and the shooter behind the wheel, King said.  The van was located around 9:30 a.m. Monday in the 1900 block of Pennsylvania Street with the body of the 34-year-old Gary boyfriend inside, King said. The boyfriend was identified as Damian Reedus by the Lake County coroner and was pronounced dead at 11:45 a.m. The shooter was being sought, King said.  King said a third homicide victim, a 28-year-old man, was found shot to death in the 3200 block of Georgia Street about 7 a.m. He was identified by the Lake County coroner as Andre J. Woods, of the 4100 block of East 11th Place in Gary. He was pronounced dead at 7:39 a.m.  ChicagoBreaking@tribune.com | Twitter: @ChicagoBreaking