Four Dead After Apparent Triple Murder-Suicide In Manchester  For the past two weeks, Brittany Mills, 28, a standout basketball player at Weaver High School, class of 2004, had been trying to end a relationship with John Louis Lynn, the father of their 13-month-old son, members of Mills' family said Sunday.  MANCHESTER — The man who shot three women and then killed himself in Manchester late Saturday night had fathered a child with one of the female victims and was involved in a child support dispute with her, according to family members and court records.  Multiple people were shot and killed late Saturday night at the Dye House… (Fox CT )  Earlier this year, a Superior Court judge had ordered Lynn to pay child support. Mills later sought a contempt finding and a wage garnishment against Lynn. The case remains open, records show.  After Mills ended the on-again, off-again, five-year relationship two weeks ago, Lynn "was over there all the time," said Mills' sister, Tashua Parker. "She was trying to stop him from coming."  Parker said Lynn, 41, and Mills had a strained relationship.  "It wasn't physical … we just didn't think it would ever go this far," Parker said.  Until late Saturday night.  Concerned that Mills wasn't answering her phone Saturday, Mills' two cousins, Kameisha Mills, 23, of Manchester, and Artara Benson, 46, of Vauxhall, N.J., had gone to check on Mills at her apartment at 190 Pine St., family members said.  At 9:40 p.m., Manchester police received reports of multiple gunshots at 190 Pine St. in the Dye House apartments.  Police arrived within minutes and confronted a man in the parking lot of the apartment building. The man was armed with a handgun and carrying a 13-month-old child, Capt. Christopher Davis said in a statement.  After a confrontation with officers, "it appears [the suspect] put the child on the ground before shooting himself,'' Davis said. "One officer also fired one shot at the suspect, but it does not appear that the suspect was struck by the officer's bullet.''  The child, unharmed by the gunfire, was transported to a hospital for evaluation, Davis said.  "The officers' quick response to the scene prevented the suspect from being able to flee with the child and likely saved the child's life,'' the captain said.  Meanwhile, Davis said, patrol officers searched the apartment and found three women dead from gunshot wounds.  The officers had to force entry, according to a law enforcement official familiar with the case who requested anonymity.  Inside, they encountered a horrific scene — three women in the living room, all lying on the floor, each with severe head trauma and apparently dead, the official said.  The women were in separate areas of the living room. They were all clothed. The apartment appeared to be neat and clean, the officer said.  The medical examiner on Sunday determined that Lynn's death was a suicide and that Brittany Mills, Kamesha Mills, and Benson were homicide victims. Brittany Mills had multiple gunshot wounds to the head; Kamesha Mills and Benson had single gunshot wounds to the head. Lynn died from a single gunshot wound to the head.  Patrol officers treated the call as an active shooter incident and took measures to assure no one else was in the apartment or outside in the complex. Detectives were then called in to process the crime scene.