uncredited/AP Ben Edward Freeman, 38, was suspected of killing three people and wounding three others in a bloody rampage before he killed himself.  A Louisiana man went on a bloody rampage Thursday, killing his wife, the head of a hospital where he once worked and his former mother-in-law — the wife of a local councilman — before fatally turning the gun on himself, authorities said.  Ben Edward Freeman, 38, began his deadly shooting spree when he burst into a home in the town of Lockport about 45 miles southwest of New Orleans and shot Lafourche Parish Councilman Louis Phillip Gouaux and his wife, Susan, shortly before 7 p.m., authorities said.  Freeman also wounded the councilman's daughter, Andrea Gouaux - the sister of the gunman's ex-wife - in the shooting, police said.  WDSU Denise Freeman was found dead in a bathtub inside the couple’s Houma home after police began searching for her husband.  Susan (Pixie) Gouaux died before emergency workers arrived, but her husband and daughter survived. Both were listed in critical condition at University Hospital.  About 20 minutes after the violence, Freeman allegedly went to a Raceland home and shot Milton Bourgeois, the CEO of Ochsner St. Anne General Hospital.  WWL Police launched a manhunt for Freeman after he allegedly attacked his in-laws, his current wife and the head of a hospital where he once worked, killing three people.  Parish Sheriff’s Office spokesman Brennan Matherne said in a statement that Bourgeois was fatally shot. His wife, Ann Bourgeois, was also hit, but she survived, Matherne said.  Police soon identified Freeman as the shooter and swarmed his Houma home, where they found his wife — Denise Freeman — dead in a bathtub. Her cause of death was not immediately released.  WDSU Lafourche Parish Councilman Louis Phillip Gouaux was wounded after Freeman shot him in a Lockport home on Thursday. Gouaux and his daughter — Freeman’s ex-wife — were wounded, but survived. Gouaux’s wife, Susan, died in the shooting.  The couple had a history of domestic violence, and courts had issued at least two protective orders, the most recent expiring last month, WDSU reported.  The news station also reported that Ben Freeman was ordered to have supervised visits with his children.  WWL Freeman was found inside a car alongside a nearby highway, dead from an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound.  Freeman — who had worked at three area hospitals over the last few years, including the facility operated by Bourgeois — was found dead in a vehicle pulled over along U.S. Highway 90 near Bayou Blue, police said.  He apparently died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound.  ochsner.org Milton Bourgeois, the CEO of Ochsner St. Anne General Hospital in Raceland died after Freeman shot him at close range. The victim’s wife, Ann Bourgeois, was wounded in the shooting, but survived.  Police said a shotgun was used in all of the shootings.  With News Wire Services  jkemp@nydailynews.com  @joekemp