Mayor closes Montgomery club after shootings leave 2 dead, 6 injured Posted: Saturday, December 28, 2013 10:17 AM EST Updated: Tuesday, January 7, 2014 10:17 AM EST  Montgomery Mayor Todd Strange today closed the Centennial Hill Bar and Grill on Highland Avenue (formerly the Rose Supper Club) saying that the operation of the club poses "an imminent threat to public safety." A shooting at the club overnight Saturday left two dead and six injured.    In a written statement Strange said, "I believe it is not a matter of 'if', but 'when' the next tragic incident occurs at this business. That is unacceptable, and that is why we have ordered the business to be closed effective immediately."    The mayor cited the fact that the shootings occurred despite the presence of the club's security and repeated cautions from the city of Montgomery.  Police are still investigating the incident. They say on Saturday morning around 1:30 a.m. in the 900 block of Highland Avenue, they responded to the report of multiple suspects being shot.  When they arrived on the scene they found 21-year-old Kimberle Johnson and 22-year-old Glenn Thomas, known as rapper Doe B, both of Montgomery, suffering from gunshot wounds. Johnson was pronounced dead at the scene while Thomas was taken to a local hospital where he was later pronounced dead.  Six additional victims were located on the scene also suffering from gunshot wounds. All were transported from the scene or by personal vehicle to local hospitals for treatment of their injuries.    According to Billboard Magazine Thomas specialized in what is known as Trap style and was known for his relaxed delivery and signature eye patch, the result of another shooting three years ago.  These are Montgomery's 47th and 48th homicides of 2013. Mayor Strange's complete statement:  "Effective immediately, the City of Montgomery has taken action to close the Centennial Hill Bar and Grill on Highland Avenue, which operated previously as the Rose Supper Club. We do not take this action lightly, but believe this decision is compelled by clear evidence that continued operation of this establishment poses an imminent threat to the public's safety. Just this morning a 21-year-old young woman and a 22-year-old young man were shot and killed there, and six other young adults were shot and wounded. The shootings occurred despite the presence of the club's security and repeated cautions from the City. I have been in consultation with the city's Legal Department, the Montgomery Police Department, Fire Department, Public Safety Department, City Council members and the ABC Board. At the same time, the Montgomery Police Department's investigation into this senseless shooting is proceeding, and we have every confidence that the individual or individuals responsible will be identified and apprehended. We are working to bring the perpetrators to justice, but we also must take protective and preventive action. I believe it is not a matter of "if," but "when" the next tragic incident occurs at this business. That is unacceptable, and that is why we have ordered the business to be closed effective immediately."  Copyright 2013 WSFA 12 News. All rights reserved.