Jason McWilliams, 25, of Montgomery, Ala. (Photo: Montgomery Police Department) Story Highlights Eight people, including the 2 who died, were shot around 1 a.m. CT Saturday  Others have been shot and some killed in shootings at same location in 2007, 2008, 2009 and 2012  Motive for this shooting was dispute between rapper, gunman, police say  MONTGOMERY, Ala. — Police have arrested a Montgomery man in the fatal shootings Saturday of a rapper and a college student at a nightclub here.  Montgomery police charged Jason McWilliams, 25, with two counts of capital murder in connection with the slayings of Glenn Thomas, 22, and Kimberle Johnson, 21, at Centennial Hill Bar and Grill.  STORY: Mich. mayor wounded in nightclub shooting  STORY: 1 dead in triple shooting at Vegas nightclub  McWilliams turned himself in late Sunday, police said.  Thomas was a rapper known as Doe B while Johnson was a student studying social work at Troy University, about 50 miles south of here.  Police and fire medics responded about 1 a.m. Saturday after a report of multiple people shot.  "It sounded like it was from just one gun," 20-year-old Clarence Young of Montgomery, who was struck in the back of his right shoulder by a bullet, said Sunday at a vigil for Thomas and Johnson. "There were a lot of people in the club. I heard the first couple of shots and felt the blow."  Johnson died at the scene, and Thomas was transported to Baptist Medical Center South, where he later was pronounced dead.  Six other people at the nightclub were injured by gunfire, and an ambulance or personal vehicle transported them all from the scene for treatment, police said.  "I knew Kim from high school," Young said. "It was just a bunch of friends out having a good time, and then this. I'm not taking it well, not at all."  Montgomery Police Department detectives determined that the shooting stemmed from an ongoing dispute between McWilliams and Thomas.  Montgomery officials have closed the nightclub, and the Alabama Beverage Control Board has pulled its liquor license, citing threats to public safety.  The business previously operated as Rose Supper Club but was closed about a year ago following another shooting with six injuries. Montgomery Advertiser files also report shootings in and around the nightclub's location in 2007, 2008 and 2009, including deaths in 2007 and 2009.  "Guns don't kill people," the Rev. Ed Nettles, pastor of Freewill Missionary Baptist Church, said at the vigil. "Buildings don't kill people, locations don't kill people. People kill people. And we have to change the mindset of the people, so that we might be able to change their heart. And we won't have happen again, what happened here the other night."  Contributing: Matt Okarmus, The Montgomery (Ala.) Advertiser  Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1chB1ur