Police stormed an abandoned building where the suspect had holed up overnight. He killed an FBI K-9 during the assault.  Law enforcement officials work outside the building in Herkmimer, N.Y., where a man was killed after police stormed it following a standoff March 14. The man was suspected of killing four people the previous day. (Photo: Mike Groll AP) Story Highlights Kurt Myers, 64, was killed in shootout Thursday morning  The suspect's motives for Wednesday's killings are unknown  Myers, who was retired, had been a machine operator at Waterbury Felt  HERKIMER, N.Y.— Police stormed an abandoned building on Main Street Thursday morning, fatally shooting a 64-year-old "loner" suspected of killing four people and wounding two others the previous day at a barbershop and an oil-change garage.  The suspect, Kurt Myers, was killed after he fired on a tactical team as officers swarmed the shuttered Glory Days restaurant around 8 a.m. ET, New York State Police Superintendent Joseph D'Amico said.  State trooper Jack Keller said the basement shootout occurred after Myers, who had holed up in the building Wednesday afternoon, shot through a door and killed a 2-year-old FBI K-9 on his first mission.  The New York State Police released a photo of Kurt Myers, 64, the suspect in the killings of four people Wednesday in the villages of Herkimer and Mohawk in Upstate New York. (Photo: N.Y. State Police)  Gov. Andrew Cuomo said in a statement that no police were injured in the operation.  "We commend the courage and extraordinary efforts of the state police, the FBI, and local law enforcement officials in finding the suspect and ending this horrific spree of violence and bloodshed," Cuomo said. "It is now time for mourning those who we lost in this senseless act of violence."  D'Amico praised the police for their response to the 19-hour ordeal.  "They did very good work from the initial response to multiple incidents yesterday to the vigil overnight and finally to the entry this morning,"he said.  D'Amico, who said police had no contact with the suspect since they exchanged gunfire at 1:30 p.m. ET Wednesday, told reporters that little is known about Myers, a local resident, other than he was "apparently a loner."  Ape, a 2-year-old Czech German shepherd on his first mission, was shot and killed Thursday by quadruple-murder suspect Kurt Myers. (Photo: FBI)  "We don't know the reason for his actions. We would hope that somewhere in the course of the investigation we learn more about him or what motivated him," D'Amico said.  Myers' family told authorities they had little contact with him for some time.  For 20 years, Myers was a machine operator at Waterbury Felt, which makes industrial textiles, the Associated Press reported.  Steve Copperwheat, who hired Myers in the early 1980s, described him as a good worker who was quiet, intelligent and got along well with other employees.  Cooperwheat encountered Myers three months ago in a Walmart parking lot after having not seen him in a decade. He called their brief conversation "really spooky."  "I yelled over to him and he looked at me, said my name, said he was retired, and just went booking away," Copperwheat said. "It was almost like he didn't want anybody to know where he was. He was trying to be very distant, which surprised me."  Myers' rampage started with a fire in his apartment in the nearby village of Mohawk on Wednesday morning. Police said he then shot two people dead and wounded two others at a barbershop around the corner before killing two more at a Herkimer oil-change and carwash business.  The shootings shattered the peace and rattled the nerves of Mohawk and Herkimer, two small villages about 170 miles northwest of New York City, separated from each other by the Mohawk River and the New York State Thruway.  After searching the area for several hours, officers encountered a flurry of gunfire coming from the abandoned building.  Police officers walk down North Main Street away from the scene of a standoff with shooting suspect Kurt Meyers on March 13 in Herkimer, N.Y. (Photo: Brett Carlsen, Getty Images)  D'Amico said SWAT officers, snipers and an armored vehicle zeroed in the building, but vowed to wait out Myers until Thursday morning.  John Seymour, the 66-year-old owner of John's Barbershop in Mohawk, was wounded. He told his sister the attack came out of nowhere.  "He just said that the guys were in the barbershop and this guy comes in and he says, 'Hi, John, do you remember me?' and my brother said, 'Yes, Kurt, how are you?' and then he just started shooting," Mary Hornett said.  "My brother couldn't think of any reason why he would do such a thing," she said of Myers, a former customer who hadn't come in for a haircut in a couple of years.  Hornett said her brother was shot in the left hand and right hip. He was listed in fair condition at a Utica hospital and was doing well, she added.  Herkimer, N.Y.  Police identified those killed at the barbershop as Harry Montgomery, 68, of Mohawk, and Michael Ransear, 57, a retired prison guard from Herkimer. A customer, Dan Haslauer, of Ilion, was still listed in critical condition Thursday.  The victims at the Herkimer oil-change shop, Gaffney's Fast Lube, were identified as employee Thomas Stefka, in his 60s, and Michael Renshaw, in his 40s, from Frankfort. Renshaw was a 23-year-veteran prison guard who worked at the nearby Mid-State Correctional Facility. Initial reports Wednesday said they had been shot at Gaffney's Car Wash next door.  A man started a fire in his apartment on Wednesday, shot four people dead in his hometown and a neighboring village and then exchanged gunfire with police officers who surrounded an abandoned building where he apparently was holed up. (March 13) AP  Police said Myers began the day about 9:30 a.m. by setting fire to his apartment in the rear of a three-unit building directly across the street from the police and fire departments. Firefighters extinguished the blaze in about 90 minutes.  Investigators found several weapons and ammunition inside, but police have not said whether they belonged to Myers.  Neighbors said they barely knew Myers, who rarely spoke, left every morning in his red Jeep and came back.  Traci Randall said the only time she remembers speaking to her next-door neighbor was when he yelled at her son because he thought he had shot an air pellet at his Jeep.  "He would walk by himself. He was kind of a loner. No wife," she said.  Neighbors said he never had visitors or friends. Gary Urich said Myers wouldn't even say as much as 'Hi' to him when walking by his porch.  "I said, 'How are you doing?' No response. He just walked by," he said.  Michele Mlinar, a bartender at Cangee's Bar and Grille in Herkimer, said Myers frequently went in and had a bottle or two of Coors Light and left without speaking to anyone. She said he was always alone and she didn't even know his name until police released his mugshot on Wednesday.  Cangee's owner Candy Rellin called Myers "just an odd little man."  "Everybody says 'Hi' and waves and has small talk all the time," said Fred Randall, 42, a retired Air Force technical sergeant whose home is next to Myers'. "But he would walk by, people would say 'Hi,' and he would never return the gesture."  Herkimer is a village of 7,700 named for the German immigrant family that settled in the western Mohawk Valley in the 1720s. The economically distressed villages and its across-the-river neighbor are two miles from Ilion, where the nearly 200-year-old Remington Arms gun plant is a major employer.  Jon Campbell works for the Gannett Albany bureau. Contributing: Joseph Spector of the Gannett Albany Bureau; the Associated Press  Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/WJt14l