Chicago police confirm seven people were shot inside Mr. G's Supper Club and Entertainment Center during a rap CD release party.  The incident is gang related, police say. A fight broke out inside Mr. G's around 1:15 a.m. on West 87th Street at Ashland in the Auburn Gresham neighborhood. Police say three men pulled out guns and began shooting. Seven people were hit, six men and one 19-year-old woman.  Police say they found bullets inside and even outside the club. The teenage woman is in serious but stable condition. The six men shot are all in stable condition.  A promotional poster indicated rap artists Nino, King Samson and Lil Mouse, who was releasing the CD, performed at the event.  Mr. G's owner Gene Linton said he was there, and the trouble started outside his business.  "As I was locking the door, a guy said on the outside that, 'They're shooting outside. They're shooting outside.' I allowed him to get in. When I got the key to lock the door I heard some shots and everyone went out," he said.  Linton confirms he heard gang lingo being yelled outside. Mr. G's has been there since 1990, hosts showers and family gatherings and has a solid reputation, Linton said, adding it was the first time in a long time he's opened his doors to a rap music group.  "I've been there going on 23 years; I've never had a situation that happened like this before. At every event at Mr. G's, there is someone at my door with security to see your ID and what's in your purse, and we pat them down," Linton said.  Sherese Reed, who lives across the street, said she attended an adult entertainment party at Mr. G's in December and confirmed security has always been present. She is thinking about going back and says crime is happening all over.  "i can't live in fear and say, 'i can't go here,' and 'i can't go there,'" she said.  Three people -- the 19-year-old woman, a 21-year-old man and a 23-year-old man -- were driven to Advocate Christ Medical Center in Oak Lawn with gunshot wounds, police News Affairs Officer Hector Alfaro said. The 19-year-old woman was shot seven times, according to dispatch reports.  Two men, ages 20 and 21, were in stable condition after one man was taken by ambulance and another was driven to Holy Cross Hospital, police said. Another two men, ages 26 and 36, were driven to Little Company of Mary Hospital and Health Care Center, Alfaro said.  But police on the scene said the exact number of injured was hard to determine because a handful of the wounded were driven to area hospitals by people they knew. No one was in custody as Area South detectives were investigating.  The Sun-Times Media Wire contributed to this report.