Joseph Brown, inset, was arrested Saturday.  A man accused of shooting four people and killing one inside a Coney Island public housing development has been arrested, police said.  Charges are pending against 29-year-old Joseph Brown. Police say they arrested the suspect at an acquaintance's apartment near the scene of the shooting Saturday morning.  Suspect Sought in BK Shootings That Killed 1, Hurt 3  Police have identified a suspect in the Coney Island shootings Friday that left a person dead and three others wounded, and are now searching for him. Checkey Beckford reports. (Published Saturday, March 23, 2013)  It was unclear Saturday if Brown had an attorney.  Authorities say Brown knocked on the door of an apartment in the Gravesend Houses and was let in by a 62-year-old woman. Brown went into a back bedroom, shut the door and then fired shots, police said. A 24-year-old man was shot in the head.  Brown then came out of the room and shot the woman who had answered the door in the stomach.  A third man was shot in the head and killed. The woman's 40-year-old son was grazed in the head by a gunshot and treated at the scene.  Police say there were three other people in the apartment who were not shot, including a 10-year-old boy.  The woman and the 24-year-old man were in critical condition at Lutheran Medical Center in Brooklyn, police said.  His family told reporters that 29-year-old Angel Rivera was the man killed by a bullet to the head. His brother said Rivera was in the apartment to cut someone's hair and ended up in the wrong place at the wrong time.  The grief was just beginning to set in for his loved ones Friday night.  "He was a good guy. A good guy, a good person," said one friend as he turned away, visibly upset as he covered his face.  Some neighbors in fear of a gunman on the loose decided to leave the apartment complex Friday night.  "I'm going to take my kids, I'm going to my mom's house," said one woman.  Copyright Associated Press / NBC New York