ST. PETERSBURG, Fla. - St. Petersburg Police said they now have a solid idea of what led up to a drive-by shootout early Wednesday morning.  The shooting involved multiple scenes and multiple vehicles, including a stretch limo.  "I don't think he's ever shot anybody," said Terry Kurmay, owner of Alpha Limos in Pinellas Park, in describing the violence one of his drivers got mixed up in overnight. "He's shook up," Kurmay said.  St. Pete police said the limo driver flagged them down around 4 a.m. at Queensboro and 31st Street, as they were working an unrelated case. The limo driver told police they' had just left a nightclub, and were shot at, at least 10 times, when a black Chrysler and silver Kia pulled up on each side of the limo.  "They started shooting, going up the back of the car, going towards the front, and they were close to being at his side, so he thought he was going to get shot," Kurmay said of how the limo driver described the incident. The limo driver's name has not been released yet, as the investigation is still pending.  Police said the limo driver, a permitted carrier, and ex-police officer, fired back in self-defense, hitting at least one of the people in the Chrysler.  "I 100% believe that it most likely saved his life," said Kurmay. He pointed out the limo driver made a personal choice in carrying a gun. It is not a requirement of the job.  Police said they have narrowed in on a motive. They said before the shoot out, the group from the limo flashed a lot of cash at a nearby gas station. "We're thinking somebody saw this and were thinking they'd be good robbery targets," said St. Pete Police spokesperson Mike Puetz.  Police recovered the black Chrysler and said they found one man shot inside. His name is Anzio Dale, and is listed in critical condition at a nearby hospital.  All other people shot are expected to survive, police said.  If police are able to interview Dale, they hope to generate leads on the silver Kia mentioned, as well as another person they believe was inside the black Chrysler and the instigating shooter.