One man remains in critical condition following a wild shootout at a Lauderdale Lakes apartment complex, authorities said late Sunday. Neville Lynch, 25, remains hospitalized following the Saturday afternoon shooting at the Whispering Palms Apartments at 4500 Northwest 36th Street, the Broward Sheriff's Office said.  One man remains in critical condition following a wild shootout at a Lauderdale Lakes apartment complex, authorities said late Sunday.  Neville Lynch, 25, remains hospitalized following the Saturday afternoon shooting at the Whispering Palms Apartments at 4500 Northwest 36th Street, the Broward Sheriff's Office said.  Coconut Grove Shooting Leaves One Dead  Frederick Jonell Gibson, 20, was shot and killed outside 3883 Charles Terrace at about 1 a.m. Saturday as he sat on his porch with a good friend, Miami Police officers said. NBC 6's Betty Yu spoke with family and neighbors about the incident. (Published Sunday, April 28, 2013)  According to the BSO, Lynch and his stepfather, 50-year-old Gilespie Isaacs, had been involved in a verbal argument with 22-year-old David Rose and his associates when one of Lynch's associates got into a physical altercation with Rose.  Shooting in Coconut Grove Leaves One Dead  BSO Trains for Shooting and Hostage Situation at High School  Photos and VideosMan Called to Identify Himself After Release of Burglary Video: BSOMan Called to IdentifyHimself After Release o...Suspect Sought in Home Burglary: BSOSuspect Sought inHome Burglary: BSOMore Photos and VideosThe Broward Sheriff's Office held a shooting and a hostage situation at Pompano Beach High School Friday in an effort to prepare first responders for a worst case scenario. NBC 6's Claudia DoCampo reports. (Published Friday, April 26, 2013)  Lynch began shooting at Rose from a balcony, hitting him in the shoulder as Mark Rose, 25, returned fire, the BSO said.  Lynch, Isaacs, and 25-year-old Kevin Dobson were all wounded on the balcony. Lynch was airlifted to Broward Health Medical Center where he was in critical condition late Sunday, the BSO said.  Isaacs was treated and released while Dobson left the scene before deputies arrived, the BSO said. David Rose was taken to Florida Medical Center where he was treated and later released.  BSO Trains for Shooting at High School  Authorities have preliminarily determined that the actions of Mark Rose, who has a license to carry a concealed weapon, were justified, the BSO said. But he was arrested on an outstanding, unrelated civil writ.  The incident is still being investigated.  More Local Stories: