OAKLAND -- A 17-year-old high school basketball player fatally wounded in a double shooting Sunday night in East Oakland has been identified as Olajuwon Clayborn, police said.  The shooting happened about 10 p.m. Sunday in the 8600 block of Dowling Street, near where the boy lived.  Police said Clayborn and a 22-year-old Oakland man were standing on the sidewalk when someone approached them on foot and shot them both. The gunman fled on foot.  Another person at the shooting scene drove Clayborn to a hospital, where he was pronounced dead at 10:26 p.m. The man injured in the shooting was taken by ambulance to a hospital, where he was treated and released.  Police said they don't have a motive, and no arrests have been made.  Clayborn was a senior at Castlemont High School who transferred from Berkeley High this year, said Oakland Unified School District Spokesman Troy Flint.  Flint said Clayborn played on the basketball team.  Grief counselors were made available Monday for students and staff at the school.  The killing was Oakland's 34th homicide of the year. Last year at this time, there were 45 homicides in the city.  There were two other nonfatal shootings Sunday in Oakland.  At 11 p.m. Sunday, a woman was found with gunshot wounds in the 4100 block of Eastlake Avenue in the Redwood Heights area. She was taken to a hospital in serious condition.  Police would not say if they believe the woman was shot at the scene or dumped there after being shot elsewhere.  Advertisement  No motive has been established, and no arrests have been made.  At 3:34 p.m. Sunday, a man was shot in the 3100 block of High Street. He was in stable condition at a hospital. No motive, was released and no arrests have been made.  Police and Crime Stoppers of Oakland are offering up to $15,000 in reward money in the homicide case and up to $5,000 in the other two shootings for information leading to the arrest of suspects. Anyone with information is asked to call police at 510-238-3821 or a tip line at 510-773-2805.