ETTRICK, VA— A Dinwiddie County man has been charged with two counts of murder and faces additional charges after police say he shot and killed his ex-girlfriend and her mother before fleeing to a neighboring county where he's linked to the shooting death of his father.  Herbert C. Bland, Jr., 23, of the 20000 block of Harris Drive, has been charged with two counts of first-degree murder and the use of a firearm in the commission of a felony in connection with a Monday night shooting that left two women dead in Chesterfield County.  Barbara Fassett, 65, and her daughter, Elizabeth S. Fassett, 42, were found dead in their Chesterfield County home Monday.  A UPS worker was delivering a package at the River Road home around 5:45 p.m. Monday evening, when he discovered shattered glass and a body lying in the doorway of the home, Chesterfield County Police said.  The UPS worker called police, who then found a second body inside the home, located in the 5200 block of River Road near Beverly Street.  Chesterfield Police said they have reason to believe one of the victims, Elizabeth Fassett, was Bland's ex-boyfriend, and that the two endured a rocky relationship in the past.  “There was some history of domestic violence in the relationship, but I don't know all the particulars on that,” said Maj. Terry Patterson of the Chesterfield Police Department.  Neighbors of the Fassett's River Road home tell 8News they heard a gunshot and thought it was someone hunting. They also told 8News they are not used to this type of crime in their quiet community.  Annette Eads lives down the street from the Fassett home, and worked with Barbara for 12 years.  “Barbara was one of those people that was a positive influence in people's lives,” said Eads. “[She] would not do anything that would cause you to suspect that someone would have an issue with her. This is just not an ending you would picture for someone like Barbara Fassett.”  Barbara Fassett worked for the Chesterfield County Planning Department for 23 years. She had just retired last February.  Chesterfield County Police obtained warrants for Bland's arrest Tuesday.  Dinwiddie County Sheriff's Department said after Herbert Bland Jr. allegedly shot and killed the two women, he went to his father's home in Dinwiddie County where he shot and killed him.  Herbert Bland's father, 63-year-old Rev. Herbert Bland, Sr., was killed during a Monday night shooting.  Court documents show Herbert Bland Sr. dialed 911 from his Dinwiddie County home. When Dinwiddie County Sheriff's Deputies arrived just minutes later, they found him dead inside the residence.  According to warrants, the 911 call was made at 12:57 p.m., and Bland Sr. told dispatchers he believed his son had stolen his handgun and may have used it in a shooting.  When deputies arrived at the home at 1:17 p.m. to file a report about the stolen gun, they saw Hebert Bland Junior stumble out of the home with two guns in his hands.  Court document also show Herbert Bland Jr. told police he shot his father in the head and that his father had shot him; three guns were found at the home.  Bland Jr. was seriously injured in the shooting and is currently being treated at VCU Medical Center for a gunshot wound. AT this time, he has not been charged in the death of his father.  Stay with 8News for updates.  Copyright 2013 by Young Broadcasting of Richmond