Teen arrested after deadly shooting rampage Posted: Monday, January 14, 2013 6:46 PM EST Updated: Monday, January 21, 2013 6:46 PM EST  Police have arrested an 18-year-old male after a deadly shooting rampage this weekend in Tuscaloosa.    Police say Tresvon Spencer is the suspected gunman in two shootings that left a 17-year-old girl dead and four other people wounded. Officials say the first shooting may be gang related.  Authorities believe Spencer shot two teenagers in a rival gang because they were hanging out in another gang's territory. The shooting happened at the intersection of Kaulton Road and Beech Street in Tuscaloosa around 1:10 a.m. Saturday, Jan. 12.  Two victims, 18 and 17 years old, were treated for gunshot wounds following the incident. The 18-year-old suffered a minor injury to the buttocks and the 17-year-old was shot in the back, causing a fractured vertebrae. He is in stable condition in ICU.  The other shooting Spencer is accused of committing later that night has investigators scratching their heads.  Police say Spencer hid out at an apartment in Creekside Village for most of Saturday. Witnesses say he and others were playing Dominoes when he stood up, pulled a gun and starting shooting people for no reason. It happened around 11:55 p.m. that night.  Three people were shot and 17-year-old Angelica Mona Golston died from her injuries. People in the apartment say the shooting was unprovoked. Two other females, ages 22 and 30, were shot in the same apartment. They were treated at DCH for non-life-threatening injuries.  Spencer went into hiding again after that shooting, but U.S. Marshals caught up with him a few hours later.    "The U.S. Marshall task force was brought in to help find him. They tracked him to a relative's house. He was hiding under some furniture," Captain Loyd Baker with Tuscaloosa Metro Homicide Unit said.  Spencer faces one murder charge and four attempted murder charges. Officials say he knew the girl he allegedly killed, but they don't know the nature of their relationship.  Spencer remains in the Tuscaloosa County Jail.  Copyright 2013 WBRC. All rights reserved.