5 injured and 2 dead in Concho County shooting Sunday Posted: Monday, May 27, 2013 3:13 PM EDT Updated: Sunday, December 14, 2014 11:16 PM EST  Provided by Texas DPS:  A suspect and one victim are deceased and five other people injured after an early-morning shooting spree centered in Concho County, when a suspect randomly fired at five vehicles as he drove around the area in his pickup. The Texas Rangers, assisted by local law enforcement and Texas Parks and Wildlife, are investigating multiple scenes.    The first incident took place around 4:30 a.m. when the suspect opened fire on a vehicle in the Eden area. A woman was shot and remains hospitalized in Shannon Medical Center in San Angelo. A short time later, two people were injured when the suspect shot at them as they sat in their vehicle at a convenience store in Brady in McCulloch County. They were treated and released.    The suspect then returned to the Eden area in Concho County where he fired at another vehicle at approximately 5:30 a.m. The victim was also treated and released. Just after 6 a.m., a woman was found shot to death in her car in Eola after a shots fired call to the Concho County Sheriff's Office. She has been identified as Alicia Torres, DOB 06/23/1971.    About 15 minutes later, Concho County Sheriff Richard Doane encountered the suspect north of Eden on U.S. 83. The suspect opened fire on his vehicle, wounding the sheriff. He remains in the Shannon Medical Center in San Angelo with non-life threatening injuries.    DPS Highway Patrol troopers and a Texas Parks and Wildlife game warden then arrived on the scene to assist. A trooper and the game warden exchanged gunfire with suspect, who died at the scene. The suspect has been identified as Esteban J. Smith, DOB 03/25/1990, who was stationed at Camp Lejeune in North Carolina. An assault rifle, a handgun and hundreds of rounds of ammunition were recovered. The investigation is ongoing and no additional information is expected to be released today.    The DPS Highway Patrol, DPS Criminal Investigations Division, Texas Parks and Wildlife, Concho County Sheriff's Office, McCulloch County Sheriff's Office, Brady Police Department and Tom Green County Sheriff's Office assisted/or are assisting the Texas Rangers in the investigation.  