A man is dead and three other people were hospitalized Saturday after a shooting outside a southwest Houston night club, and police say the gunman remains at large.  Investigators with the Houston Police Department say the shooting happened Manny's Place -- an after-hours club in a strip center in the 9700 block of Bissonnet near Country Creek. It's the type of venue officers say they are all too familiar with.  There's no sign on the door or marquee, but just before 6am Saturday, this late-night and early-morning venue erupted in violence.  Four people were injured in a shooting. Two men and two women were taken to nearby hospitals. One of the men later died. His name has not been released.  Two of the injured victims were working as security guards at the club, police tell us.  "The shooting started outside of the club and the shots were fired in the direction of the club," HPD Homicide Detective Jesus Sosa said. "From what we've gathered so far, we have one shooter."  Police said an altercation began when the two security guards who were shot refused to let a man enter the club. As they were dealing with that man, someone from the other side of the parking lot started firing a gun toward the club's entrance, officials said.  The shooter fled the scene, but it's unknown in which direction. Police also are not sure if the shooter left the scene on foot or in a vehicle.  It's the second fatal shooting at a southwest Houston after-hours venue in the last week.  "Some of them say that they aren't serving alcohol, but we typically find that they do serve alcohol. And if they are serving alcohol, it leads to disturbances," Sosa said.  At least one business owner in the same strip center says he's filed a complaint with HPD about the illegal activities going on here, saying it's hard for him to run a business with those types of things going on  "They need to close it down today," he said. "There doesn't need to be an after-hour across the street from my job site."  And customers we spoke to in the strip center Saturday felt the same way.  "It sounds like trouble," Pam Steadham said. "Why can't you do what you need to do, 2 o'clock comes, go home?"  HPD Homicide detectives are investigating this case. They detained one man at the scene, but we're told he was a witness and is not a suspect.  The shooter remains on the loose, and witnesses at the scene are saying they didn't see anything.  "It's hard to establish the identity of the suspect if no one is willing to cooperate," Sosa said.  Anyone with any information on what happened or details that could help police identify the shooter is urged to call HPD or Crime Stoppers.  Crime Stoppers will pay up to $5,000 for any information called in to the 713-222-TIPS (8477) or submitted online at www.crime-stoppers.org that leads to the filing of felony charges or arrest of the suspect(s) in this case. Tips can also be sent by text message. Text TIP610 plus your tip to CRIMES (274637). All tipsters remain anonymous.  Find Simon on Facebook at ABC13SimonGutierrez or on Twitter at @sggutierrez  Take ABC13 with you!  Download our free apps for iPhone, iPad and Android devices