The parking lot near Cycle Gear was filled with onlookers of a triple murder scene Saturday afternoon. Police say earlier, there was an altercation in the parking lot outside before gun shots rang out.  The parking lot near Cycle Gear was filled with onlookers of a triple murder scene Saturday afternoon. Police say earlier, there was an altercation in the parking lot outside before gun shots rang out.  New details have emerged in the melee and shooting which left three men dead and one injured at a North Charleston cycle shop over the weekend, but many questions remain.  Arrest warrant affidavits for Ronald Reid, 43, and Barry Stinson, 32, add more context to the frightening and chaotic scene Cycle Gear employees described over the weekend.  Investigators say 41-year-old Maurice Lamark Horry and another man, members of the Real Kingz motorcycle gang, walked into the store located at 4400 Dorchester Road a little after 3:15 p.m. Saturday to buy some merchandise. Employees said Horry and his friend were regular customers of the shop.  A short time later, North Charleston police say Stinson and four other men entered the store and told them to walk outside to the parking lot, where approximately 15 members of a motorcycle gang were waiting.  "We've got shots fired in the parking lot," says employee Stan Foxworthy to a 911 dispatcher."We've got a bunch of motorcyclists out here. They started to fight inside the store, took it outside."    When the two men refused, investigators say Stinson and the other men proceeded to punch and strike one victim. Police say Stinson used what witnesses described as a "paddle stick" to beat the man about the head and body until he collapsed to the ground and lost consciousness.  Stan Foxworthy, an employee, said, "There was just a gaggle of people and fists started flying and that's when everything erupted."  Employees described the fight as unlike anything they had ever seen, saying they saw bodies of grown men tumbling out the door.  About that time, investigators say Horry fled to the parking lot to retrieve a pistol from under the seat of his motorcycle. Witnesses told police Horry pointed his gun at the large group of men and ordered them to back away.  At that time, police say Reid pulled out his own handgun and shot Horry in the chest. Horry returned fire, and shot Reid in the leg before he died, investigators said.  "There's a guy (expletive) down," an employee can be heard telling 911 emergency crews. "He got shot."    Reid has since confessed to shooting at Horry, according to the affidavit.  Another employee, Jermey Millar said, "I heard 6, 7 shots fired constantly and I ran to the bathroom, shut the door. Even with the door shut I could still hear gun shots outside and screaming and yelling."  During the flurry of gunfire, officers said two other men, 39-year-old Carlos Davis, of Columbia, and 36-year-old Theodore Waymeyers Jr., of Summerville, were also shot. Both men died en route to the hospital. Their murders remain under investigation.  Millar said one man who was attacked made his way back into the store with a gun during the ruckus. "I heard the man that was attacked right here. He was yelling ‘someone call EMS, someone call the cops this guy is dead,'" said Millar.  Millar said the man seemed like he was scared for his life, pointing the gun at the other bikers as they dared him to come outside.  Millar said, "They were mostly telling him ‘just come outside, this will be over easy. You're going to die anyways, probably.'"  Police have not released many details from the incident, and the actual motive behind the attack remains unknown.  "These guys come in, it's a bike gang and they started having an argument," an employee can be heard in a newly released 911 call."Started getting into fist fights and all of a sudden they start popping caps."    Reid was denied bond on a charge of first-degree murder on Monday, while Stinson was issued a $500,000 bond for second-degree assault by mob. Both men are being held in the Charleston County Detention Center.  Foxworthy says this incident doesn't represent the entire motorcycle community.  "You'll find that in anything, whether it's soccer, motorcycling, it doesn't matter what, there's always a few out there that make it bad for the rest of us," said Foxworthy.  If you have any information regarding the shooting, call Crime Stoppers at 554-1111.  Copyright 2013 WCSC. All rights reserved.