From the Mansfield Jail, Amos Wells speaks with NBC 5's Ben Russell. (Published Wednesday, July 3, 2013)  Fort Worth police have arrested a man in connection with the fatal shooting that killed his girlfriend, their unborn child, her mother and her brother.  According to police, Chanice Renee Reed, 21; Annette Carroll Reed, 39; and Eddie McCuin, 10; were shot at about 6:15 p.m. in the 2900 block of Pate Drive.  Man Accused of Shooting, Killing Three Speaks from Jail  Amos Wells is charged with capital murder in the shootings of three people in Fort Worth on Monday - including a pregnant woman and a 10-year-old boy. (Published Tuesday, July 2, 2013)  All three of the victims were taken to different hospitals for treatment, including Chanice Reed, who was 32 to 34 weeks pregnant. Doctors were unable to save any of the victims, including Reed's unborn child.  Fort Worth police have arrested Amos Wells, 22, and charged him with capital murder. Wells is currently being held on a $2 million bond after turning himself in to police.  Man Accused of Shooting Three in Fort Worth Speaks  Amos Wells is charged with capital murder in the shootings of three people in Fort Worth on Monday - including a pregnant woman and a 10-year-old boy. (Published Tuesday, July 2, 2013)  Wells spoke with NBC 5 from jail on Tuesday. He cried when asked about what happened Monday. He was apologetic but said he did not want to talk about it.  "No one deserved what happened," Wells said of the deaths of his girlfriend, her brother and her mother. "It shouldn't happen. It should never even have happened." (Watch his entire, unedited interview, here.)  4 Dead, Including Unborn Child, in Fort Worth Shooting  Fort Worth police have arrested a man in connection with a fatal shooting that killed four people Monday night, including an unborn child. (Published Tuesday, July 2, 2013)  "I just want, even if the family don't want it, I just want to tell them that I'm praying for them," he said.  Family members of the victims said Wells is Chanice Reed's boyfriend of Chanice Reed and the father of her unborn child.  Two Women, Child Shot in Fort Worth  Three people, including a child and a pregnant woman, were shot in Fort Worth on Monday. (Published Monday, July 1, 2013)  They said they are struggling to understand how someone they've known for so long is now accused of killing four of their family members.  "How could you? How could you take away innocent lives like that?" said Monique Myers, Chanice Reed's cousin.  Myers said she had just talked with her cousin on Monday about Wells, her on-again, off-again boyfriend.  "She told me he was controlling. He didn't like her being with her own family. I talked to her and said, 'Chanice, leave him,'" said Myers, who added that she never thought the couple's problems would end with a deadly shooting.  "You love a person, you're not supposed to hurt them. That's not the way, just not the way," Shauna Myers-Berry said.  The victim's family told NBC 5 that Wells shot Ann Reed in the yard before confronting and shooting Chanice Reed at the front door. Afterward, he killed Ann Reed's youngest child, Eddie McCuin, family members said.  "He just shot her point blank, because she was in the door, went into the room and shot my cousin, Eddie, three times," Myers said. "You're going to have a child yourself. For you to kill the mom, mother of your child, her brother -- you don't have a heart. It's going to be a cold day in hell."  Tension flared Monday night when Myers and several other family members crossed the police barricade and ran to the family's home.  "At that time, we didn't know anything," Myers-Berry said. "We just took off running."  Her son and other daughter were arrested on suspicion of assault and interfering with officers guarding the crime scene after a scuffle with officers.  "The only thing we were thinking [was], 'Don't stop us. Tell us what's going on," Myers said.  Police reports show that Jermey Myers, 20, was arrested on suspicion of assaulting an officer. Kalie Myers, 18, was arrested on suspicion of interfering with police duties for impeding officers trying to guard the crime scene.  NBC 5's Ben Russell and Kendra Lyn contributed to this report.  More Dallas-Fort Worth-Area Stories: