A gunman opened fire at a crowd of several hundred spectators at an informal July 4th fireworks show hosted by a local party store, killing a 33-year-old father and injuring his two children and four other people.  Several hundred people had gathered in front of Perry's Palace Liquor Store at North Perry and Chamberlain streets about 11 p.m. Thursday. After a fight broke out at the store, a suspect fired shots into the crowd, according to the Oakland County Sheriff's Office.  Deputies and Oakland County Medical Examiner's Office investigators confirm that a 33-year-old Pontiac man was killed after sustaining a gunshot wound to the head.  A 35-year-old Pontiac man was arrested at about 4 a.m. Friday, deputies said. He was taken into custody at his home after several witnesses on the scene identified him. Detectives continue to seek warrants and investigate.  Advertisement  The victim's 6- and 12-year-old children also were injured in the shooting. His 6-year-old son was shot in the head, officials report. The boy suffered injuries that were not life threatening and was transported to Children's Hospital in Detroit, where he remains in stable condition.  The man's 12-year-old daughter suffered an injury to her forearm. She was treated at McLaren Oakland Hospital and released.  Two 22-year-old women also were shot in their lower legs. A 28-year-old man was shot once in the hip and forearm, and a 23-year-old man was shot once in the leg.  'No value of life'  The motive for the late-night shootings is unclear.  According to the sheriff's office, fireworks were "being discharged by Perry Palace Party Store personnel."  A sign that hangs above the entrance of the store advertises for a company called Big Fireworks, which has warehouses in Michigan and South Carolina, according to its website. The sign reads "Go big or go home," next to "FIREWORKS," printed in block lettering.  An employee at Perry's Palace Friday declined to comment, saying only, "It all happened outside."  Fino's Family Dining, which faces the party store from across Perry Street, was not open while fireworks -- which were not official City of Pontiac displays -- were being lit.  On Friday, waitress Ashley Owens, 23, who lives nearby, said she saw people scattering in the area.  Sue Calhoun, manager of neighboring B & E's Bar, said there's usually a crowd around this time of year near the intersection.  "They light off fireworks every year," said Calhoun, 51, whose bar was open around the time of the shootings. However, "I heard they didn't do them this year."  Calhoun also heard that the scuffle might have escalated when the suspect was hit with a door and bumped on the way out of the party store. She shared her thoughts: "There's no value of life anymore."  Sheriff Michael Bouchard said Friday that Thursday's random violence is disturbing and completely unacceptable.  "Great police work, once again, resulted in a suspect quickly being identified and removed from the street, but it will never fill the hole his senseless violence created," Bouchard said via email. "However, we will hold him and anyone else that commits a violent act accountable. If you hurt others, we are coming for you."  Staff writer John Turk covers the Oakland County Board of Commissioners, police and general assignment. He can be reached at 248-745-4613.