15-year-old charged in 2nd Osceola killing  Second murder case this week against Poinciana teen  The 15-year-old defendant's new charge involves last month's shooting death of David Guerrero, 17, who was gunned down for "fun" as he waited to catch a bus to work, according to police.  KISSIMMEE — Konrad Schafer was charged with first-degree murder Thursday, the second time this week he was accused in a fatal shooting in Osceola County.  Also charged was David Damus, 20, Schafer's co-defendant in the July 3 killing of Eric Roopnarine in a Poinciana home invasion, records show.  The new charges, filed Thursday, represent a process likely to be repeated several times in coming weeks as new charges are filed against the pair and two more co-defendants, Juan Muriel, 20, and Victoria Rios, 17.  All four are targets of investigations by the Kissimmee and St. Cloud police departments and the Osceola County Sheriff's Office for about 20 drive-by shootings.  David was gunned down early June 26.  "David Guerrero was shot and killed on Central Avenue while he walked to the bus stop to go to work. A single .45 caliber spent casing was found at the scene," Kissimmee police spokeswoman Stacie Miller wrote Thursday.  "Analysis conducted by the Florida Department of Law Enforcement (FDLE) concluded the casing was consistent with having been fired from a Hi Point .45 caliber carbine rifle."  The weapon was bought by Schafer's father from a Kissimmee gun shop the day before the shootings began.  It has been identified as the weapon used in the killings of Guerrero and Roopnarine.  The buyer of the firearm was Lothar Hans Schafer Jr., who told police he bought the carbine and 100 rounds of ammunition because his son Konrad "was having problems with unidentified subjects in Poinciana, Florida," records state.  When police questioned the elder Schafer, they found Rios, the teen runaway, at the family's apartment. She later told detectives Konrad had told her he drove across the county shooting at houses with the rifle.  And she said "there were bodies attached to that gun," records state.  Damus, a friend of Schafer's, was charged with one count of principal to first-degree murder for his involvement in the Guerrero murder, Miller wrote.  More pending charges from Kissimmee police stem from nine shootings in north Kissimmee during the two-week shooting spree between midnight and dawn on many nights.  The investigation was conducted by the Kissimmee and St. Cloud police departments; the Osceola County Sheriff's Office; FDLE; and the federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives.  The four defendants remain held in the Osceola County Jail and the state Juvenile Assessment Center in Orlando.