A FIFTEEN-year-old who thought it "would be cool to kill someone" has been arrested as part of a gang that allegedly went on two-week shooting spree.  The two teens and two adults have been charged for two murders and face charges for a string of shootings of homes across Osceola County, Florida, the Orlando Sentinel reports.  Police say Konrad Schafer, 15, shot and killed 17-year-old David Guerrero, who was walking to the bus stop on his way to work around 6am on June 26 because he thought it would be fun to kill a person "for no apparent reason".  "He thought it would be fun to shoot Mr Guerrero,” said Kissimee police chief Lee Massie.  “He just drove around and randomly picked targets, thought it was cool and when he saw Mr Guerrero walking down the street at 6-something in the morning, he thought it would be fun to shoot a person, so eventually he made that decision and took Mr Guerrero’s life with that firearm,” Mr Massie said.  Schafer’s father gave him the alleged murder weapon just days before police say the shooting spree began, the Daily News reports. The teen is too young to legally own a firearm, but his father said his son was “having problems with unidentified suspects in Poinciana, Florida,” the Orlando Sentinel reports.  After his dad gave him the gun, Schafer and his gang of friends, including Victoria Rios, 17, Juan Sebastian Muriel and David Damus, 20, went on a shooting spree –first shooting homes and property before moving on to two human targets. All have been charged with first-degree murder, home invasion and grand theft.  Schafer and his friends have also been charged with murder for the brutal shooting and home invasion death of Eric Roopnarine, whose mother returned home to find her son dead on the floor, MyFox Orlando reports.  Roopnarine, 22, thought he was hiring Rios to have sex with him for $300, the Orlando Sentinel reports. When he opened the door, the gang rushed into his home, shot him and slit his throat and then making off with his TV and X Box, police say.  The gang were caught after a group of volunteers found a bullet casing near the scene of Mr Guerrero's death and it was traced to the murder weapon and Roopnarine's death.  Originally published as