Police: Two dead, two injured in shooting NE Charlotte shooting Posted: Thursday, July 11, 2013 2:53 PM EDT Updated: Saturday, August 10, 2013 2:53 PM EDT  A day after a brazen midday shooting, CMPD detectives say they're still looking the person who drove up to a car, opened fire - hitting four people.  A local elementary school was put on lock down Thursday after a shooting nearby that left one person dead and three others injured, according to the Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Department.  The incident happened just after 1 p.m. on the 6300 block of Reagan Drive, in the Hampton's subdivision.  Detectives believe the victims were all inside a vehicle when the shooter pulled up alongside them and began to fire a number of shots..  Police confirmed to WBTV that Inna Xiomara Gonzalez, 21, was pronounced dead on scene, and Davion Najee Funderburk, 22, was transported to Carolinas Medical Center with life threatening injuries.  Funderburk later died from his injuries.  Two other victims were taken to the hospital by citizens, and are expected to be okay.  Tanisha Mayo lives in the Hamptons subdivision near the crime scene.  "All I heard was pow pow, and that's when my brother said did you hear that, and I said yes I heard that," she said." It was a lot of them. It was crazy."  Captain Rob Dance of Charlotte Mecklenburg Police Department told WBTV that precautions were taken at a nearby place of learning.  "A possible suspect left the scene and was seen in close proximity to Hidden Valley Elementary School, and as a precaution as something we always do. We contacted the school and asked the school to go on lock down, Dance said."  Reagan Drive which runs parallel to I-85 was shut down for several hours.  Police spent much of the afternoon processing the four door Mazda.  It happened in the middle of day...just an hour past the noon lunch hour, and that adds to frustration of so many here who deal with the issue of bullets flying in broad daylight.  "My little brother is like seven, and he was riding around when it was happening," Mayo said.  Copyright 2013 WBTV. All rights reserved.