There were four homicides within two hours in Salinas.  A brawl broke out at 12:38 a.m. Monday between two groups inside Tacos Choice restaurant at 624 Williams Road, police Cmdr. Dave Shaw said. When the fight spilled outside into a parking lot, a man began firing into the crowd.  Three men, ages 22, 28, and 25, died, Shaw said. Four more victims were treated at local hospitals for non-life-threatening injuries. The Central Coast does not have a trauma center, and helicopters could not fly any victims to trauma centers in the Bay Area because it was too foggy to fly.  PHOTOS: Faces of recent homicide victims, suspects  The deadly brawl was gang-related, according to detectives. Giovanni Pacheco, 21, was arrested and booked into the Monterey County Jail on homicide charges Monday morning.  Even though three people had just died outside and bullet holes dotted the front entrance, Tacos Choice re-opened for business just hours after the triple homicide.  A third person was slain in an unrelated homicide Sunday night. Ruben Francisco, 23, was killed on the 1100 block of Parkside Drive by two gunmen at 10:20 p.m, police officer Jeffery Gibson said.  "Family members said that Francisco had only been in Salinas for 15 days. They said he had no gang affiliation," Gibson said. A cousin said Francisco lives in Mexico and was in Salinas Sunday because he was visiting his parents.  Francisco owned a website design company in Mexico and he did not like Salinas, his cousin said. He was talking on his cellphone when he was slain.  VIDEO: KSBW's May Chow reports  Another shooting happened in Salinas at 4 p.m. Sunday. A 25-year-old man was drinking with friends on the front steps of his apartment on the 40 block of Natividad Road when he was shot multiple times, officers Sheldon Bryan said. He was flown to a Bay Area trauma center and is expected to survive.  Sunday and Monday's homicides happened after an already-violent two weeks in Salinas and escalated crime crackdown efforts by law enforcement.  On Friday night, Salinas police teamed up with a dozen law enforcement agencies for a massive crackdown on gangs across the city. Seventy officers searched 10 homes, made 70 traffic stops, and arrested 11 suspected gang members.  MUG SHOTS: 11 arrested in Friday crime crackdown  Police identified the 11 arrested as: Germain Jimenez, Jose Guadalupe Castro, Jesse Martinez, Recia Esteban, Jose Alvarado, Jesus Chiquito, Miguel Villa, Ruben Garcia, Perez DeLa Torre, Jesus Toparedes, and Angel Perez.  Police Cmdr. Stan Cooper said the crackdown was meant to send a message to gangsters -- police will push back when pushed.  “We didn’t want anyone to feel untouched,” Cooper said. “If you are a leader, or if you are an associate, you may have been paid a visit. Whether you’re the one pulling the trigger on people or if you just have beers with them on Fridays.”  A Salinas gang task force killed one homicide suspect, 30-year-old Juan Luis Acuna, during a shootout on East Market Street July 26.  On Thursday, a security guard was slain during a botched robbery attempt at a 99 cent store in Salinas, and shoppers tried to stop the killer by throwing cans at him.  Victor Sosa, 57, was stabbed to death at 102 East Laurel Drive, and police believe the killer was Richard Gutierrez, 22. Shoppers in the store tried to help the victim by throwing canned food at Gutierrez and police arrested him before he could run out of the 99 cent store, detectives said.  Shoppers said Sosa was a friendly man who always greeted customers at the front door and offered to walk them to their cars when they had concerns about safety.  Like the taco restaurant, the 99 cent store opened the next day for shopping. It opened despite the fact that its security guard had just been brutally stabbed to death inside. The 99 cent store's managers declined to comment to KSBW.  The 99 cent store homicide happened a few hours after Mayor Joe Gunter, City Councilman Tony Barrera, and Police Chief Kelly McMillin held a press conference to talk about the city's surge in violence. Gunter said the entire city of Salinas is getting a bad reputation because of a small group of gangsters.  "Salinas is a safe place. Sometimes it may not feel like it," McMillian said. "People who engage in gangs are generally the ones getting hurt. People who are not close to gangs and have strong ties with their neighborhood, school, church, and community have nothing to fear in this town."  A peace and unity walk is happening Tuesday in East Salinas as part of National Night Out. Walking For A Safer Salinas was organized by residents who want safer neighborhoods. The walk will begin at 2 p.m. on the corner of East Market and Towt streets, and end at Closter Park.  Timeline:  Aug. 5: A brawl broke out at Tacos Choice restaurant on Williams Road. A gunman began firing into the crowd. Two men were killed and five more injured. No victims could be flown to Bay Area trauma centers because the weather was too foggy.  Aug. 4: Ruben Francisco, 23, was killed on the 1100 block of Parkside Drive in a drive-by shooting. "Family members said that Francisco had only been in Salinas for 15 days. They said he had no gang affiliation," police said.  Aug. 4: A 25-year-old man was drinking with friends on the front steps of his apartment on the 40 block of Natividad Road when he was shot multiple times. He was flown to a Bay Area trauma center and is expected to survive.  Aug. 1: Victor Sosa, 57, was working as a security guard in a 99 center store at 102 East Laurel Drive when he was stabbed to death during a botched robbery attempt. Shoppers in the store tried to help the victim by throwing canned food at the killer.  July 31: An intruder broke into Kings Thrift Store on the 300 block of Kings Street and shot at police officers while escaping. That same night, a 26-year-old man was shot in the chest on Garner Avenue.  July 29: Daniel Casey, a 60-year-old carpenter who lives in the Live Oak neighborhood of Santa Cruz, was shot to death while working in a Salinas house on Osage Drive.  July 28: Janneli Garcia was shot inside a motel room at Willow Lodge across the street from Salinas High School. Someone then set the room on fire and burned the young mother's body.  July 26: Salinas gang task force killed 30-year-old Juan Luis Acuna during a shootout on East Market Street. Acuna was a homicide suspect.  July 25: Jose Alfredo Espinoza, 42, of Salinas, was trying to fix his car that broke down on the side of the road when he was shot to death.  July 24: A 15-year-old Salinas boy, Ernesto Chavez, was gunned down by gang members on Orchard Avenue and Sieber Street.    21344044