Man pleads not guilty in Ross Township shooting rampage  'I need glasses and a hearing aid and medical attention,' Rockne Newell tells Monroe County judge.  He closed his eyes during that preliminary hearing last month and rested back on his chair through most of the recording of the Aug. 5 meeting despite the blasts of gunfire, screams and pleas to the victims to stay alive.  The last time Rockne Newell appeared before a judge, he seemed disinterested, even as an audio recording of his alleged shooting rampage at a Ross Township meeting filled the courtroom.  Rockne Newell has pleaded not guilty in the shooting this summer that killed… (CONTRIBUTED PHOTO, REUTERS )  Newell appeared much more alert Monday during a far less dramatic hearing — his formal arraignment in Monroe County Court.  Sitting between his two attorneys in a red prison jumpsuit, Newell calmly pleaded not guilty to charges that he gunned down three people and wounded three others at the meeting.  Newell, 59, sat up attentively as county Judge Joseph P. Cronin Jr. read the long list of charges against him and told him that prosecutors are seeking the death penalty against him, something the judge said Newell had already known.  Although police say Newell has admitted committing the shooting, Newell's attorney, William Ruzzo, said Newell is pleading not guilty "at this time." It's rare for defendants to plead guilty during formal arraignments because discovery — the exchange of information — and the attorneys' ability to file pretrial motions begin after formal arraignments.  Newell appeared on a screen in the Stroudsburg courthouse via a closed-circuit feed from the county jail. The arraignment lasted about 20 minutes and no victims or family members of Newell were spotted in the same courtroom that had been packed for the Nov. 14 preliminary hearing.  Newell said little, other than to comment when the judge asked if Newell could see and hear him.  "I can hear you, but I can't see you," said Newell, wearing handcuffs. "I haven't had a pair of glasses since I was arrested. I need glasses and a hearing aid and medical attention."  Newell didn't elaborate on what sort of medical treatment he is seeking, but state police have said he was shot in the leg with his own gun by Bernie Kozen, a parks and recreation official hailed by police as a hero for tackling Newell and stopping his deadly attack.  Police say Newell unleashed a barrage of gunfire with two guns at the meeting because township officials condemned his littered property after two decades of feuding with him over it.  Police say Newell shot and killed Gerard Kozic, 53, of Saylorsburg, when Kozic dived in front of his wife to take the bullets. The two others killed in the attack were Ross zoning officer David Fleetwood, 62, of Chestnuthill Township, and James V. LaGuardia, 64, of Saylorsburg.  Kozic's wife, Linda Kozic, who attended Newell's preliminary hearing in a wheelchair, was shot in the leg. Also injured in the attack were Frank Piraino, who suffered what police described as a graze wound to the head, and Ross Supervisor Howard Beers Jr., who suffered a hand wound.