Nebraska convict Nikko Jenkins murdered four people after his release from prison.  During his ten and a half years in prison, Nikko Jenkins had committed assault three times, once against a guard. He even tried to escape, using an altered toilet brush as a weapon. He had declared the prison yard his gang turf and incited a riot. After several times being placed in solitary confinement and telling prison guards he was a danger, it became obvious to everyone that he was indeed a dangerous man.  Nikko Jenkins had a history of threats and claims of mental illness.  Nebraska convict Nikko Jenkins was released from prison after only half of the time he was sentenced for, a result of two carjackings and cases of assault since the age of 15. His Tecumseh State Prison case manager stated in a report, “Jenkins has consistently expressed having ongoing homicidal ideations.”  Apparently he wasn’t bluffing, as after his release from prison, Nikko Jenkins was charged Wednesday with four counts of homicide. Among the victims he shot in the head since his release were Andrea Kruger, Curtis Bradford, Jorge Cajiga-Ruiz, and Juan Uribe-Pena. In the span of eleven days starting August 11, Nebraska convict Nikko Jenkins made good on his homicidal urges four times.  Only one of the victims in the shootings, Curtis Bradford, had any connection to Nikko Jenkins.  How Nikko Jenkins was able to get out of prison early and kill four people. Raises as many Qs as As. — mattwynn (@mattwynn) September 5, 2013  Andrea Kruger had apparently been driving home from work and pulled up behind the convict when he got out of his car, pulled her out of hers, and shot her. Andrea Kruger leaves behind a husband and three children.  The reason given for Nikko Jenkins being on the streets of Nebraska was due to “good time credit.” Every day spent in prison was considered one day credit, and even though he had lost over 17 months of credit for his bad behavior, a judge awarded him back the 17 months after discussions with other authorities.  Needless to say, Nebraska convict Nikko Jenkins has proven that the good time credit system is questionable.