CENTREVILLE • Schoolchildren going to their bus stop this morning walked past police evidence markers and a blood trail outside the Ernest Smith apartments.  Three men were shot at the Centreville public housing complex at about 2:20 a.m. Friday.  It was the latest violence to erupt at the complex since a Centreville police lieutenant was murdered while on patrol there in 2009.  Early Friday, some men who had been drinking together got into an argument. One group left, but returned about an hour later and opened fire outside the apartment complex, police say.  The victims — one as young as 17 — scattered when the shots erupted. They ran to neighboring apartments and knocked on doors for help. The victims remained hospitalized Friday morning, but no information was available on their conditions. The city's police chief says all three are expected to live.  No arrests have been made in Friday's assaults. Police are trying to figure out how many shooters there were.  At about 8 a.m. Friday, as investigators continued to gather evidence at the scene, elementary school-age children going to school walked between the evidence markers and past the long trail of blood. Some said they had heard the gunfire and were scared by it.  The Ernest Smith Sr. Apartments is a housing complex at 4731 Tudor Avenue. It has been the scene of violence before, including the fatal shooting in 2009 of Centreville police officer Lt. Greg Jonas. Jonas was shot while on patrol. His killer was convicted and sent to prison.  Police Chief Steven L. Brown said there have been no shootings or homicides at the complex since Lt. Jonas' death.  "Haven't had anything since because of the strong enforcement," Brown said. "But, of course, you know it can happen in seconds."  Even though the apartment complex's actual address is on Tudor, the chief said all three of the victims ended up in the 4700 block of Pearl Street. He said there are several crime scenes, and a blood trail extended from one to the next as the victims scattered and tried to get help.  Brown said police had no suspects in mind yet. He said detectives were at hospitals talking with the victims to try to get information on the gunman or gunmen.