MIAMI (CBSMiami) – A total of four people are dead after a shooting led to a wild police chase that came to an end with a horrific crash and police stand-off at U.S. 27 at Griffin Road.  Miami-Dade Police Department said it started around 9:45 a.m. when a man, which police have identified as 48-year-old Antonio Feliu, shot two women, mother Vivian Gallego Martinez, 51, and her daughter Anabel Benitez, 28, during a domestic dispute at 12341 SW 190th Street in South Miami Heights.  Double Murder Sparks Deadly Police Chase  Police did not say what the relationship was between Feliu and the women. They did confirm that at least four gun shots were fired in the home.  The below video is raw, unedited video of the chase and crash.  WebExtra Video Links:    Feliu then took off north on Krome Avenue in a black Mercedes-Benz Crossover. Dodging traffic the SUV then raced north on U.S. 27 until it t-boned a Mercedes sedan crossing the intersection at Griffin Road.  As police approached the SUV with their guns drawn, they dove for cover as shots were fired. A Broward Sheriff’s SWAT team and an armored vehicle were requested.  A BSO deputy tried to assist the woman, identified as Martiza Medina, 48, however she died on the scene.  Officers from Miami-Dade police, the Broward Sheriff’s Office, Davie police and Pembroke Pines police were involved in the stand-off.  Patrons at a nearby truck stop on U.S. 27 watched the drama unfold.  “They started blocking the parking lo,t shots were fired, they told us to take cover and we saw 60 guns pointed this way,” said Mike Branstetter.  Police said since the SUV’s windows were tinted and that made it very difficult to see what was going on inside the vehicle.  At 10:30 a.m., several SWAT team members decked out in full tactical gear with assault rifles raised took up positions around the SUV as the police officers pulled back. Their armored vehicle then slowly approached the SUV and the SWAT members took up positions behind it trying to get a better view of what was happening inside the SUV.  At 10:45 a.m, a second armored SWAT vehicle from Miami-Dade police arrived on the scene and took up a position behind the first armored vehicle. Minutes later a third armored SWAT vehicle arrived. It went directly to the SUV and nudged its crumpled front end then pulled back several feet.  The Miami-Dade SWAT vehicle then pulled up directly behind the SUV, essentially boxing it in.  At 11 a.m., the SWAT team members from Miami-Dade, BSO, Pembroke Pines and Davie moved in, surrounded the vehicle, looked in the windows and then opened the driver’s side door. Inside, they found the body of the driver. Police said he died from a self-inflicted gun shot wound.  Northbound U.S. 27 and westbound Griffin Road near the scene were closed for further investigation.