Police in Vallejo said a gunman opened fire on a group of people changing a flat tire, killing one man and injuring seven others last night. NBC Bay Area's Kimberly Tere reports from the newsroom. (Published Monday, Oct. 28, 2013)  One person was killed and as many as seven others injured in a mass shooting in Vallejo late Saturday night, police said today.  According to a preliminary investigation, a group of young adults from South San Francisco were in four cars heading to Vallejo for a party, Vallejo police said.  At about 11 p.m., one of the vehicles hit a curb and got a flat tire near the 200 block of Princeton Avenue, police said.  As all four cars pulled over and several individuals were changing the tire, a white SUV with tinted windows drove by and opened fire on the group, police said.  There appeared to be one gunman inside the vehicle.  Police and paramedics responded to reports of a shooting and found five people suffering gunshot wounds.  Three other victims from the same incident arrived at area hospitals on their own, police said.  One of the neighbors in the area, who was a registered nurse, said she tried to help those injured.  "When we came outside, we saw these victims outside," she said. "One gentleman was hurt in the heart, and the other gentleman, he could move his legs and his body, so we went to the victim that was unconscious and tried to revive him."  A 19-year-old man was pronounced dead at the scene, police said. His name has not been released.  Vallejo Police Lt. Herman Robinson said he had never seen an incident like this.  "I've been working here at the police department for 40 years, and I've never experienced a single incident where there have been eight people shot.," Robinson said.  No motive for the shooting had been determined as of Sunday night.  Anyone with information about the crime is asked to contact Vallejo police at (800) 488-9383.  Anonymous callers can call Solano Crime Stoppers tip line at (707) 644-1867.  Copyright Bay City News