CBS Miami Four officers were wounded during a wild pursuit of two trigger-happy suspects in Miami. The first officer, seen here, being brought into an area hospital with a gunshot wound to the abdomen.  Four police officers were wounded and two suspects were killed in a wild shootout in Miami early Tuesday morning, authorities said.  The bloodshed began around 5 a.m. when officers responded to a call near Northwest 27th Ave. When the cop tried to apprehend one of the still-unknown assailants, he shot the officer in the stomach, stole his police-issued gun and car and fled, police said.  The cop was taken into surgery and is expected to survive, authorities said.  “He’s in good shape and is going to recover,” Miami-Dade Police Director J.D. Patterson told the Miami Herald. “Thank God it was not a life-sustaining organ that was penetrated.”  After the first officer was shot, police traced the the stolen car’s GPS system, which led them to a separate getaway car, a blue Volvo, CBS Miami reported.  CBS Miami Following a wild chase, police converged on a blue Volvo that the two suspects used as a getaway vehicle. Three separate police forces chased the armed suspects.  Three separate forces — Miami police, Miami-Dade police and Hialeah police — embarked on a massive manhunt, NBC Miami reported.  When a swarm of police converged on the car in Hialeah, another firefight erupted.  An additional three cops were wounded during the second shooting incident, one of which was a Hialeah officer injured by shattered glass, authorities said.  “It’s just a horrible situation, with so many people involved,” Miami-Dade police Maj. Nancy Perez told the Herald.  nbcmiami.com The identities of the suspects and injured officers have yet to be released. Authorities respond at the scene.  The brazen gunmen — who during the chase crashed the Volvo into a tree — were both killed at the scene, the Miami Herald reported.  The identities of the two deceased assailants and the four injured officers have yet to be released, the Herald reported.  "We want to ask for the continued prayers and support for the officers and their families as well as the Miami-Dade community in general," Patterson said at a news conference.  idejohn@nydailynews.com  Follow me on Twitter: @IrvingDeJohn  ON A MOBILE DEVICE? CLICK HERE TO WATCH THE VIDEO.