UPDATE: Bar shut down by ABCA for 10 days while police investigate Huntington, WV shooting Posted: Friday, December 13, 2013 3:41 AM EST Updated: Friday, December 27, 2013 6:32 PM EST  An accident involving a tractor trailer has led to all westbound lanes on I-64 at the 54mm in South Charleston to be shut down.  An accident involving a tractor trailer has led to all westbound lanes on I-64 at the 54mm in South Charleston to be shut down.  An accident involving a tractor trailer has led to all westbound lanes on I-64 at the 54mm in South Charleston to be shut down.  The Castle Doctrine. It sounds medieval but it's the West Virginia law that protects gun owners who use their weapon on an intruder.  The Castle Doctrine. It sounds medieval but it's the West Virginia law that protects gun owners who use their weapon on an intruder.  The Castle Doctrine. It sounds medieval but it's the West Virginia law that protects gun owners who use their weapon on an intruder.  Know the right way to protect your home while bearing arms  Know the right way to protect your home while bearing arms  Police are investigating shots being fired at the Walmart parking lot in Barboursville near the Huntington Mall Saturday evening, November 28.  Police are investigating shots being fired at the Walmart parking lot in Barboursville near the Huntington Mall Saturday evening, November 28.  Police are investigating shots being fired at the Walmart parking lot in Barboursville near the Huntington Mall Saturday evening, November 28.  One man has died after a homeowner shot him, saying he was a burglar.The incident happened early Saturday morning, November 28 just before 4:30 a.m. in the 2000 block of East Dupont Avenue, near Witcher Creek and Belle.  One man has died after a homeowner shot him, saying he was a burglar.The incident happened early Saturday morning, November 28 just before 4:30 a.m. in the 2000 block of East Dupont Avenue, near Witcher Creek and Belle.  One man has died after a homeowner shot him, saying he was a burglar.The incident happened early Saturday morning, November 28 just before 4:30 a.m. in the 2000 block of East Dupont Avenue, near Witcher Creek and Belle.  UPDATE:  The West Virginia Alcohol Beverage Control Administration (ABCA) is shutting down Shoop's Bar, the site of Friday morning's shooting, for ten days.  A spokesman for the ABCA says the commissioner made the decision Friday afternoon to suspend the club's Class A private club license until December 23rd.    ABCA's reason was to allow for a "cooling off period," while police in Huntington, WV investigate the shooting incident that left one person dead and three others injured.    _____  UPDATE:  Police have released the name of the deceased shooter in a Huntington, WV bar shooting.  Antonio Devon Brown, 25, of Huntington was shot and killed by a bouncer after, police say, he began shooting at bar in Huntington.  Three people were injured during the shooting and taken to the hospital.  Brown did not have a concealed carry permit, according to police. They said the bouncer who shot and killed him did have a concealed carry permit.  _____    UPDATE:  One person is dead and three others were injured in an early morning shooting in Huntington, WV.  Police say a gunman, who fired shots at Shops Bar near Marshall University, is dead following an altercation with a woman inside the bar and bar bouncers.    According to police, the bouncer who shot the gunmen had a concealed carry permit. The Cabell County prosecutor will review the case to see if any laws were broken.    The gunman, who is not being identified until his family can be notified, began shooting when he was kicked out of the bar.    The three victims are recovering at area hospitals. Police say the woman involved in the initial altercation is one of the victims.  There have been at least two shootings in or on the bar property this year. The Alcohol Beverage Control Administration will also be involved in the investigation.  _____    UPDATE:  Police say a gunman, who fired shots at Shops bar near Marshall University, is dead.  He had been kicked out of the bar after fight with a girl when he started shooting at people inside.  A bar employee shot back and killed him.    Three other people were hurt and taken to the hospital for treatment. The three victims suffered non-life threatening injuries from the shooting.    The shooter was pronounced dead at the scene. Huntington police detectives are still on scene processing evidence.  _____  ORIGINAL:    At least four people have been hurt following a bar shooting near Marshall University.    The shooting happened at Shops on 4th Avenue and 12th Street just before 3 a.m.    Police are interviewing witnesses and currently have this area sectioned off.    The victims were taken to nearby hospitals. No word on their conditions.    Police haven't said whether the victims or shooter are students at Marshall University.    No arrests have been made yet.    Stay with 13 News and WOWKTV.com for the latest on this developing story.