Slidell police have confirmed that one person was killed outside an Olde Towne Slidell bar during a shooting early Thursday. In all, eight people were shot, police said. One person remains in critical condition.    (This story has been updated: Second shooting victim dies, six others remain hospitalized in stable or guarded condition.)  Detective Daniel Seuzeneau would not say whether police had a suspect. But he did say no one is currently in custody.    Authorities said gunshots rang out around 1:30 a.m. Thursday as the bars were closing. Slidell police said witnesses reported there was fighting near the intersection of First and Cousin streets and that during that altercation several gunshots were fired into the crowd.  During a morning news conference at the scene, Seuzeneau said authorities believe an "ongoing feud" was re-ignited inside one of the bars and at some point spilled out onto the street. Seuzeneau said police believe there was one shooter.  The shooter fired several shots into a crowd, he said.  Seuzeneau did not know how many shots were fired or if any of the victims were shot multiple times. Investigators believe some of the victims were targets, he said, and that others were innocent bystanders.  Seuzeneau would not release any information about the person who died, but did say that person died at the scene. The others were taken to Ocshner Medical Center in Slidell, Slidell Memorial Hospital and to Interim LSU Public Hospital in New Orleans, Seuzeneau said.  "We are hoping the person in critical condition will get better and that we don't have double homicide," he said. "We are confident we will find the person and or persons responsible for the shooting last night."  Police responded within seconds, he said. The Slidell Police Department is on Third Street, about two blocks from the scene of the shooting.  Nearly nine hours after the shooting, First Street remained an active crime scene. Yellow police tape blocked off the street for two blocks between Robert and Bouscaren. Yellow evidence cones were scattered in front of Shooters bar. A Bud Light bottle sat in the middle of the cones.  Several Slidell police cars, as well as the department's crime scene investigation vans sat inside the tape.  Several businesses in the area have surveillance cameras, and Seuzeneau said police are using that footage in their investigation.  A woman who lives on Cousin Street about a block and a half blocks from the scene of the shooting said she didn't hear shots or police sirens early Thursday. The woman, who asked not to be identified, said she has lived near the bar district in Old Towne for several years and that there never are problems.  "I feel safe here," she said.  Seuzeneau said police haven't encountered many issues in that area, other than an occasional bar fight.  Closing time for bars in Slidell is 2 a.m., said Slidell City Councilman Lionel Hicks, whose council district includes the Olde Towne area. Hicks said the bars in the area, at least in recent years, have not generated a lot of complaints that he has heard.  "Every now and then, but it's nothing out of the ordinary,'' Hicks said.  Councilwoman Kim Harbison, whose at large district also includes Olde Towne, echoed that. She said she does not hear a lot of complaints from constituents about the bars in Olde Towne.  "Some for noise, but that's with any bar,'' Harbison said.    She said the shooting Thursday was troubling.  "Slidell's always been a beautiful, wonderful town,'' Harbison said. "We have never had a whole lot of trouble.''    Check back with NOLA.com for more on this breaking story.  Reporter Bob Warren contributed to this report.        