IOWA CITY, Iowa — A bright but troubled University of Iowa graduate student exchanged gunfire with police officers responding to a domestic disturbance, a shootout that left him dead and three officers injured, a sheriff said Monday.  Taleb Hussein Yousef Salameh, 28, was killed Sunday evening after North Liberty police officers responded to a 911 call at a mobile home, Johnson County Sheriff Lonny Pulkrabek said. Officers made contact with Salameh and a female victim, and ``gunshots were exchanged between officers and Salameh,'' who was killed at the scene, he said.  Three North Liberty police officers were struck by gunfire and transported to University of Iowa Hospitals and Clinics for care. All three were treated and released. The female victim was not harmed in the shootout, and nobody else was home at the time.  The sheriff was not more specific about the sequence of events in his statement and said the shooting remained under investigation. He said an autopsy on Salameh would be conducted by a deputy state medical examiner at the University of Iowa Hospitals and Clinics.  A university directory lists Salameh as a graduate research assistant in mechanical engineering. Doctorate student Mohsen Ghamari, a classmate who shared an office with Salameh, confirmed Salameh's identity when reached by The Associated Press and expressed shock to learn about his death.  The shooting happened days after a judge lifted an order that Salameh have no contact with a woman who lived at the mobile home, court records show. The woman had sought the order Feb. 11 after she claimed Salameh had domestically abused her, but it was rescinded after she failed to show up for a court hearing March 1. Under the order, the woman had temporary possession of the home and custody of their daughter, who is expected to turn one next week.  A box was checked on the order warning police to have caution because Salameh owned firearms.  Ghamari said that Salameh was close to finishing his master's degree after roughly four years in the program, and was performing experiments on combustion under the supervision of professor Albert Ratner. He said Salameh was supposed to defend his thesis and graduate as early as this spring and then take a good-paying job in the private sector.  ``He was very busy these days. I see some homework on his desk. He was supposed to grade them,'' he said. ``He was very good at doing his job as a teaching assistant. He was always on time.''  Ghamari said that Salemeh had been working as a teaching assistant to support his family, which included a longtime girlfriend and a 1-year-old daughter that he adored. He said he saw the three at a party last summer, and they appeared to be a happy family.  Salameh did have some problems, Ghamari said, including serving a short jail term for what he called ``a bar fight'' and quitting school for a semester after getting depression. But he said those problems did not seem major for Salameh, who he described as very smart and friendly.  ``As far as I know, he was a fine guy,'' he said. ``I'm shocked.''  The three officers have been placed on administrative leave during the investigation, which is standard under the department's policy, Pulkrabek said.  North Liberty is a fast-growing city of about 13,000 just north of Iowa City, and many university employees live there. The shooting happened at the Holiday Mobile Home Court, where residents were ordered to evacuate for several hours while officers from several agencies responded to the shooting.  Ghamari said Salameh had long lived in the Iowa City area, and he earned an undergraduate degree at the university. He said Salameh identified as Jordanian-American because his mother was American and his father was from Jordan.