JEFFERSON COUNTY, Alabama -- A mother and a child were found dead inside their Jefferson County apartment this morning and a second child was airlifted to Children's of Alabama hospital with critical injuries.  Jefferson County Sheriff's Office Chief Deputy Randy Christian said all three victims had been shot. He said preliminary information indicated the deaths might be related to a man found dead on a Fairfield roadside early this morning.  Family and friends at the scene of The Park at Rocky Ridge apartment complex in Jefferson County identified the woman as Tiffany Bozeman, 30, and the girl as Gabrielle Menefee. They identified the 5-year-old boy airlifted to the hospital as Davieon Menefee.  The family members said the man found dead in the car in Fairfield was Brandon Menefee, 30, Bozeman's boyfriend and the father of her children.  Monica Horne, 26, said she was friends with Bozeman and worked with her at a hotel on U.S. 280. Horn said Bozeman's co-workers were trying to get in touch with her to come in to work. Horn said no one could reach Bozeman, and that was unusual. So Horn said she went to Bozeman's apartment.  "I came over and banged on the door," Horn said.  Horn said there was no answer, but the door was unlocked so she went inside. That's when she saw the victims on the floor of the apartment.  "I started hollering and I ran," Horn said. She said she called police from her cell phone while she was running to complex rental office. "I'm sad about it. I'm real hurt."  Shu'kela Menefee said when she found out her uncle, Brandon Menefee, was dead, her family started looking for Bozeman to tell her. That's when her family found out Bozeman and her daughter were dead too.  Shu'kela Menefee said Bozeman and her uncle had had been together since they were about 19 years old. Bozeman attended Huffman High School and her uncle attended Midfield High School, she said.  "I was not expecting to get a phone call telling me this," Shu'kela Menefee said. "Those kids were his heart."  Jefferson County sheriff's deputies got a call at 11:30 a.m. today reporting the deaths at the apartment complex, and deputies and Rocky Ridge district firefighters responded to the scene. Meanwhile, deputies are working with the Fairfield Police Department on the investigation of the death on the Fairfield roadside.    