Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter  MIAMI (CBSMiami) – Multiple people were shot outside a Miami nightclub early Friday morning.  It happened outside the Flow Bar and Lounge at 2450 NW 36th Street.  New surveillance tape obtained by CBS4’s Peter D’Oench from a nearby U-Haul company shows a great deal of activity near the area after the shooting – the flashing, bright lights of emergency crews that responded within minutes.  The surveillance tape also reveals that a number of people who may have been witnesses, or at least at the club, left right after the shooting without speaking to police. This is significant since police are looking for witnesses to come forward.  Click here to watch Peter D’Oench’s report.  Witnesses said when the club closed around 5 a.m. they heard several gunshots and four to five injured. A bouncer for the club said one of the injured was a waitress, she was shot in the leg.  “I came outside and saw everything as I was leaving. There was bleeding from people and everyone was outside. I tried to kill the bleeding and make sure everyone was okay,” said Tomico Martimar.  “Where were they shot,” asked CBS4’s Peter D’Oench.  “On the thighs and legs,” he replied.  Martimar said he saw at least five people shot. Police said they could confirm four. They added that there might be more because some of the injured were driven, or drove themselves, to Jackson Memorial Hospital. One was taken by ambulance.  Investigators said the shooting began as an altercation inside the club which spilled out onto the sidewalk.  Marc Lubin works near the club. He said he was startled when he heard what had happened.  “It’s very shocking. I know this is not the best area but nothing like this happened here before,” said Lubin.  “This is a nice club,” said Martimar. “I needed to make sure everyone was okay and I was okay.”  Police are trying to determine if there was more than one person shooting and what started the fight inside the club.  Anyone with information should call Miami-Dade Crime Stoppers at (305) 471-TIPS (8477).