UPDATE: SMITH COUNTY (KYTX) -- The Smith County Sheriff's Office has released surveillance video taken from the Bunny's Truck Stop following the fatal shooting of a Tyler man.  The video captures a crowd of people leaving the scene of the shooting early Saturday morning that left 25-year-old Laprida Shears of Tyler dead, and three other wounded.  26-year-old Damonte Shears of Tyler is being treated for non-life threatening injuries. Two other victims who were also wounded have been released from the hospital. They are identified as 30-year-old Bertram Amie, and 19-year-old Romel Johnson, both victims are from Tyler.  Deputies have not identified a suspect and they are asking witnesses to come forward.  "It's very possible some of the victims could be suspects as well," according to Smith County Larry Smith said. "They could've been directly involved in the shooting as well."  The shooting happened just before 2 a.m. in the parking lot of Bunny's Truck Stop at the intersection of E NE Loop 323 and FM 14. Smith County Sheriff Larry Smith said at least three people fired shots, and investigators found about 60 shell casings outside the truck stop.  Smith said the incident started with a "major disturbance" at a nearby nightclub. Dispatchers received a call around 1 a.m. from the Flamingo Club on FM 14. When they arrived, deputies learned those involved in the fight had left the club. Soon after, they heard gunfire nearby and received 911 calls from Bunny's, Smith said.  Surveillance cameras at Bunny's captured much of the incident, according to Smith. He said the video showed dozens of cars leaving the truck stop after the shooting. The sheriff's office asked anyone who witnessed the shooting early Saturday to come forward.  "We have video," Smith said. "We have people on video that were going to be able to identify and if we have to get out and search for them it probably isn't going to end well for them."  Smith said his office plans to release a portion of the surveillance video in an effort to identify suspects and witnesses.  Bullets hit bystanders' cars, Smith said. However, no one else was injured.  Investigators remained on-scene for much of Saturday morning as Department of Public Safety troopers helped re-create the crime scene. Texas Rangers and the Smith County District Attorney's Office were also on-scene. The store re-opened early Saturday afternoon once deputies cleared the scene.  Anyone who witnessed the shooting or has information is urged to contact the Smith County Sheriff's Office at 903-590-2661.  Friends of Laprida Shears have setup a GoFundMe to help his family pay for funeral expenses. If you would like to donate, click here.