ROCHESTER, N.Y. -- Two people were shot and killed and four others hospitalized early Saturday morning at a house party on Rochester's northeast side.  In an update Saturday evening, the mayor and police chief announced the arrest of William James, 30, of Rochester, who is charged with one count of murder. Police Chief Michael Ciminelli said additional charges and arrests are possible.  Police said one of the four people taken to the hospital is in critical condition. The injuries suffered by the other three people were described by police as not life-threatening.  Family members have confirmed one of those who died is Herbert Thomas. Thomas was in his 30s and lived in the city.  Police said between 30 and 50 people were at the party when the shooting happened around 4:30 a.m. Saturday. Police said the victims were three men and three women between the ages of 24 and 36.  James will be arraigned Monday.  This shooting comes just six months after another incident at the same house. On March 14, two women were shot at the location, and when police arrived, officers found a house party going on. Both women were treated and released at the hospital.  While nearby neighbors have compassion for those who died, they said the street was fairly calm until someone moved into that house about a year ago.  “They’ll have their music low, but then it gets louder and louder as the night goes on, and by the time I want to go to bed, it’s just ridiculous,” neighbor Kayla Pizzirusso said. “They’ll park their cars in the driveway, and sit in their cars blaring their music. You can smell the drugs wafting off their house. It’s ridiculous.”  Pizzirusso and Josh Struck said they live next door to what has become known as the “party house;" a frequent problem prompting police calls.  “It’s always noisy,” Struck said. “You don’t generally know exactly who lives there because there are tons of people going in and out every day.”  Struck said he heard about 10 to 15 gunshots on Saturday morning.  “The city is not a safe place, and we don’t have enough protection in place for people to be safe,” Pizzirusso said. “We need more gun control. Kids are running around, and they don’t know the consequences.”  Pizzirusso and Struck are already saving up to move out of their home they moved into only a year ago.  Grieving relatives are feeling the community's pain. Herbert Thomas' family is hurting from their loss, but his mom, Brenda Williams, said she's not only hurting for her son's death, but for the others across the community. She said a change in this community is long over due.  "No mother wants to hear they've lost their son, their child. Especially every day you get that call: I love you, I miss you , I’m going to come and see you."  But the phone calls will stop for Brenda Williams. Her son, Herbert Thomas was killed at a house party on Woodward Street early Saturday morning. Another person died in that shooting and four more people were wounded.  “It’s difficult for any mother, not just me," said Williams. "People don’t understand, every time we lose a young black man every one of us feels it. It doesn't have to be my child; it’s any one of them that are murdered.”  And there's been a number of Homicides this year. Rochester's police chief counts 28 so far. Thomas' family can't understand why their brother had to be included in that number. He was a master barber, an artist, and fitness expert.  “I wish things didn't have to end like this. It’s senseless," said sister Lesley Williams. "There are so many people that have been taken away from their family and people don’t care enough to think about that before they make those decisions.“  A decision that has changed this family in ways they said no one could understand. A decision that also affects a community trying to heal from the constant violence that's plagued Rochester Streets.  Mayor Lovely Warren agrees that it has been a tough summer the past few weeks. She said they can't legislate morality, but they can hold those responsible and accountable for their immoral actions.  Less than 24 hours after the crime, police made an arrest in the case. William James, 30, has been charged with second degree murder.  “Last night a man thought he could resolve a dispute with a gun, and left two dead and other shot in his wake," said Lovely. "His actions will most likely earn him a life time in prison, and his high time that he and those like him woke up to the fact that gun violence accomplishes nothing.”  Although there's someone in custody Mayor Warren mentioned that the work continues to end violence.  She pledges to continue working on the problem until the community is safer, but many have said the violence won't stop until there's a shift in the culture of the community. And folks around here are hoping its sooner than later. They've seen their fair share of violence, especially in this past month.  For 29th District Monroe County Legislator Ernest Flagler-Mitchell, it's personal. One of the two shooting victims who died was his cousin.  “When we heard it, we pretty much cried out, just like many of the other families that we see out here,” Flagler-Mitchell said. “When it’s so close to home, it’s a piece of us that’s going to be gone forever. Somebody snatched that away from us.”  He too blames the violence on easily accessible guns and not enough mental health services.  “We got to make sure that we are dealing with conflict resolution, teaching our loved ones, our young ones, not to be so easily angered or so easily to want to kill somebody,” Flagler-Mitchell said. “It seems like when somebody gets mad at you they ready to kill you. You’re afraid for someone to get mad at you. Families need to talk to family members and if you see family members doing risky things you all need to have those conversations that this is going on everyday and this needs to cease, this needs to stop."  Rochester City Councilmember Adam McFadden agreed.  "Rochester has suffered enough with these shootings. We have a lot of work to do and this is not a government or police issue, but a community issue," McFadden said. "We have young people who don't know how to resolve conflict. If there are people who don't mind taking lives or people that don't have a value system, we have some things that we need to do. Those people that don't know how to respect life, we need to figure out how to get them out of our community."  A message from a grieving mother echoes.  “It hurts and I’m tired. I’m tired of them dying for nothing, for no reason," Herbert Thomas' mother said. "It doesn't matter if the person is a bad person, they still deserve more than to be killed like they're an animal.“