DENVER - Police are searching for an alleged gunman who shot four people at a house party in the Baker neighborhood of Denver.  The shooting occurred around 11 p.m. Friday on South Bannock Street and West Bayaud Avenue.  Officers have identified the shooter as Darius Eugene Ratcliff, 19. He's wanted for first-degree murder and is considered armed and dangerous, police say.  Two victims were taken to the hospital and two walked into the hospital, said a tweet from the Denver Police Department around 12:30 a.m. Saturday  One person died. The victim's mother identified him as Cristian Martinez, 21, during a vigil on Saturday night.  Other family members said they believe this shooting was racially motivated and that racial slurs led up to a confrontation.  "He had his head on his shoulders. He wanted to spend time with his family and we were being a family and hanging out and we just happened to go to the wrong spot," said his brother L.J. Cisnaros. "(He would) give you the shirt off his back. Never talked down. If you needed something he'd be there in a heartbeat. The best man you could meet."  According to Martinez's friend Joshua, shots were fired outside when they tried to leave the party. He said Cristian was hit in the back and died on the sidewalk. Joshua told Denver7 the house was full of people and a group of girls invited him and the other victims.  "We were leaving that’s when they started that fight. That’s when somebody heard somebody shooting and everybody started to run out of the front door and everybody scattered every in the street," he said. "Me and my friend, we crossed the street right here. We made it to the sidewalk, maybe 5 feet to the sidewalk and that’s when my friend collapsed and I sat there until the very end with him."  Another victim was listed in critical condition. The other two victims are expected to survive.  Anyone with information should call police.  Additional investigators arriving where 4 ppl shot near Bannock & Bayaud last night. One victim has died pic.twitter.com/wjwhZs1thX — Lindsay Watts (@LindsayAWatts) November 7, 2015  --------- Sign up for 7NEWS email alerts to stay informed about breaking news and daily headlines.  Or, keep up-to-date on the latest news and weather with the 7NEWS apps for iPhone/iPads, Android and Kindle.