Police and fire crews on scene. (Photo: Eastside Fire Photos)  Gunfire erupted minutes outside a Stockton nightclub Sunday afternoon, leaving four people injured, including a 10-year-old girl.  Deja Vu Gentlemen's Club hosted the show, which included bikers from various motorcycle clubs. Joey Cruz, who worked across the street, said seeing so many bikers at once made him a little nervous.  "We saw a bunch of bikers come through, 20, 30 packs at at time," said Cruz. "I told my friend, there is about to be some shooting over there I bet," he said. "About ten minutes later, that's exactly what happened," Cruz explaiined.  San Joaquin deputies say several bikers got into a fistfight about fifteen minutes into the show. Things took an ugly turn with someone followed up the punches with gunfire  "They started shooting and firing and people started skirting every which way, running for cover," said Cruz.  Deputies say they arrived within minutes of the shooting.  "Motorcycles were fleeing in very direction," said Lt. Steve Pease. "The officers priority in an incident like this, is checking on the injured. So chasing the motorcycles wasn't a priority," he explained.  The shootout left four people injured. One shooting victim was located on the scene. He was briefly detained, but taken to the hospital and released. Stockton Police stopped another victim on his motorcycle. He also suffered from a gunshot wound. A third man took himself to the hospital. He had no apparent gunshot wounds, but appeared to have been beaten up badly according to investigators. The fourth victim was a 10-year-old-girl, riding in a vehicle on West Lane with the shooting occurred. Deputies say a bullet grazed her in the face. None of the injuries are considered life threatening.  "I can imagine that had to be super scary for the parents," said Lt. Pease. "They were shooting directly out into the lanes of traffic during one of the busiest times of the day. I'm surprised that more people weren't injured," he said.  Cruz is grateful the bullets missed him. "I'm glad bullets didn't fly this way," he said.  Investigators say the three adult victims were being less than cooperative. They have made no arrests and have no suspects. However, evidence gathered on the scene leads them to believe they may be looking for several suspects.  "We found shell casings from what appears to be four different types of guns, indicating it is probably four shooters," said Lt. Pease.  Investigators tired to determine if a rivalry between the motorcycle clubs was a factor. Gang units form the San Joaquin Sheriff's Department and Stockton Police will also follow up to see if there is a gang connection.  Read or Share this story: http://on.news10.net/1bHBe1M