The bus with about 20 people were at the Ice Bar. (Photo Source: WMC Action News 5)  Five people were injured after being shot on a party bus traveling down Interstate 240 early New Year's Day.  Memphis police officers were called to the shooting in the area of I-240 and Poplar Avenue, where an SUV was reported to be shooting at a party bus around 3 a.m.  The party bus exited I-240 and drove to the Baptist East emergency room with five victims. Two people were in extremely critical condition.  Dale Westbrook and his friend, Marcus McKinney, rushed to Baptist Memorial Hospital after finding out their close friend was taken there.  "He has been shot in the head due to a verbal argument, just crazy," said Westbrook.  When officers arrived at the hospital, they found several people in the lobby.  Police spoke to witnesses who were on the party bus which had just left Ice Bar and Grill Club, located on Hacks Cross and Lowrance Roads.  Witnesses say someone on the bus got into a verbal fight with another person at the club. The bus driver tried to get everyone back on the bus. While waiting for people to board the bus, the 33-year-old individual exited the bus and continued the argument.  The bus driver made him get back on the bus. The two suspects went to their vehicles, one of which was a green Chevrolet Tahoe, and started showing weapons.  The party bus left the Ice Bar and was on the interstate when the driver noticed the suspect's vehicle pull up beside the bus.  The driver told police that a silver Camry then pulled in front of the bus and started slowing down. When the bus changed lanes, the suspects in the Tahoe started firing shots into the bus, hitting several people.  Out of the 19 people on the bus, five people were shot.  Westbrook said, "You have people out partying, bringing in 2015, and here I am on New Year's Day, up here for a friend I have known more than 20 years."  No arrests have been made in the shooting. If you have information that may help police, call Crime Stoppers at at 901-528-CASH (2274), text 'AWARD' to 274637 or visit www.528cash.org.  Copyright 2015 WMC Action News 5. All rights reserved.