ST. LOUIS • A shooter or shooters opened fire on a north St. Louis park full of children and adults late Tuesday afternoon, killing a mother of two young children and wounding three men.  The incident happened at about 4:50 p.m. at Rumbold Park, a small neighborhood park with playground equipment near North Market Street and North Spring Avenue in the Jeff-Vander-Lou neighborhood.  Relatives identified the dead woman as Jennifer Dorsey, 27, of the 3800 block of Ohio Avenue, who often visited her grandmother near the park. She had two daughters, ages 3 and 2.  “She was nice, a sweet mother, and she loved those kids and didn't bother anybody,” said her great-aunt, Sharon Dorsey, 50. She said the family grew up around the park and visited it often.  A second victim was a 20-year old man, who was in critical and unstable condition late Tuesday evening after surgery for a gunshot wound to the leg. The two other victims were a 21-year old man, who was shot in the arm, and a man, 46, who who suffered a graze wound to his back.  St. Louis Police Lt. John Green said that one of the injured men was found shot a few blocks away at Cote Brilliante and Prairie Avenues. The others showed up at a hospital with gunshot wounds.  Two of the other victims were family members of the woman, and a third a family friend.  Playground equipment stood behind police crime scene tape and investigators found at least 15 shell casings on the ground on Spring Avenue. The shooter or shooters fired from Spring into the park. Police didn't know a motive but assume there was a target, Green said.  “There were lots of people in the park,” Green said. “We found a squirt gun and lots of toys. There were pizza boxes and food and it was filled with people enjoying the playground.”  Green said that one witness told police "he heard shots and people started falling."  This was the 77th homicide in the city this year, he said.  Relatives gathered at the park Tuesday evening to cry, comfort one another, and wonder why anyone would shoot into a park where children were playing.  Jennifer Dorsey's aunt, also named Sharon Dorsey, 45, said her son was shot in the leg and was in emergency surgery.  “Why is it the innocent ones who get hurt?" Dorsey said. "(Jennifer) didn't hurt nobody. She's got two babies. I just want this killing to stop, this black-on-black crime. We've got to stop killing each other.”  As crowds gathered around in early evening, one woman came to check on her aunt who lives in the neighborhood.  "They shot with all those kids in that park, and that's crazy," said Tracy Bain. "Where are people's morals and respect?"  One man, 26, the elder Sharon Dorsey's son and the dead woman's cousin, rode up to the scene on a bicycle.  “She's gone, baby. She's gone,” Dorsey told him.  The young man rode away, sobbing.  Authorities later Tuesday night called on the public to help locate vehicles captured on video surveillance minutes prior to the shooting. One of them was a tan or silver Chevrolet Impala and the other a black sedan, police said.  These vehicles were last seen traveling west on North Market from Spring, police said.  Anyone with information is asked to call CrimeStoppers at 866-371-8477.  Valerie Schremp Hahn of the Post-Dispatch contributed to this story.  Editor's note: Some information provided by relatives and police Tuesday night has been corrected in this story, including the age of Jennifer Dorsey and her youngest child. In addition, Dorsey's mother, Tarlisa Davis, said the children were not in the park at the time of the shooting.