Photo Advertisement Continue reading the main story  Three men and a woman were shot in and around an Upper Manhattan deli on Wednesday afternoon, the police said.  The gunfire erupted just before 3:30 p.m. inside the Twenty Stars Deli on 132nd Street near Madison Avenue, the police said; a 17-year-old man was shot in the upper torso and a 25-year-old man was grazed in the neck and left arm.  Outside the deli, two more people were struck by bullets, the police said: A 43-year-old man was hit in the neck and cheek, and a 24-year-old woman was grazed in the arm.  All of the victims were taken to Harlem Hospital Center, the Fire Department said. The Police Department said late Wednesday that the four victims were in stable condition.  No arrests had been made as of Wednesday night. The police said it was not immediately clear how many gunmen had been involved.  The four floors above the deli, the windows covered with plywood, appeared abandoned.  A group of residents of the Lincoln Houses, across the street from the deli, had been seated in an interior courtyard of the housing development when they said they heard a half-dozen gunshots. A moment later, they said, a man came running into the courtyard. The residents scattered as the man collapsed.  Several police precincts in northern Manhattan have seen a rise in shootings this year though the 25th Precinct, where the shooting occurred on Wednesday, had recorded only four shootings through Sunday, down from eight over the same period in 2014. Gun violence across the city has increased for a second consecutive year.  Savasia James, who lives near the site of the shooting, said she was in her apartment when she heard four gunshots, then a pause, then three more.  Ms. James, 40, said she knew one of the victims, a lifelong resident of the neighborhood. “He’s a sweet, sweet guy,” she said.  “I’m very hurt,” she added. I’m very distraught.”  The deli where the shooting occurred is a local hangout, according to residents. They said that turf-related violence frequently occurs on that corner.  A woman driving by the scene on Wednesday night shouted out her car window to ask what had happened. Someone standing in the crosswalk called back, “Shooting.”  The woman responded, “Again?”