COLUMBUS (WCMH) — Police say one person was killed and five more were injured when a burglary was interrupted at a west Columbus home.  According to the Columbus Division of Police, at about 3:29 a.m. Friday, officers were called to a residence in the 3800 block of Scales Drive on the report of a shooting.  Police said two men, 36-year-old Clement Dwight Cooper and 32-year-old Michael Antonio Long had been burglarizing the home when they were surprised by the residents returning home from work.  One of the residents, Tim Bowls said he saw a shadow on the basement steps, thinking it was his brother, but it wasn’t.  “Pointed a gun at him and told him to lay down, then proceeded to beat him with the gun, stabbed him several times and tied him up with an orange extension cord,” said his Aunt Kim. She asked NBC4 not to use her last name.  While the two suspects were attacking Bowls his father, mother and brother also came home from work.  “One of them pointed a shotgun up at them and big Tim started wrestling him for the gun so they shot him and then all hell broke loose,” said Kim.  She said six people were fighting in the stairwell and basement, when the mother was shot at close range.  “Jill was shot in the face and neck,” she said.  The Aunt said the family was afraid for about girls sleeping upstairs.  “There were two girls and three small children asleep upstairs they could have killed them.”  Slideshow: 1 killed, 5 injured in west Columbus.  They heard the gunshots and call 9-1-1.  “They shot my mother, please, please someone,” said one of the girls.  Columbus police said five family members were injured and taken to two hospitals. Investigators said they found one of the suspects, Cooper dead in the basement.  Investigators are waiting for an autopsy report from the Franklin County Coroner that will reveal how Cooper died. The family is out of the hospital and staying with relatives while they recuperate.  “They are hurting very bad they were beaten pretty bad we are upset, I mean somebody comes in your house you feel violated,” said Kim.  NBC4 asked if the family knew either of the suspects? “No we don’t I don’t know who they are.”  NBC4: “Do you know have any idea what they might have been there for? “Well we assume they were there stealing,” she said.  Police said because Long had a hand in the burglary, he has been charged with Cooper’s murder.  Police ask anyone with information to call the Columbus Police Homicide Unit at 614-645-4730 or Crime Stoppers at 614-645-8477.  Police continue to investigate the incident.