HOULTON, Maine — The Aroostook County man accused of fatally shooting two people and injuring four others Friday admitted to the killings, according to a court document.  Detective Greg Roy stated in a sworn affidavit that Anthony Lord of Crystal and Houlton admitted to shooting multiple rounds at Kevin Tozier, 58, of Lee and Kyle Hewitt, 22, of Caribou, killing both men during the rampage.  Autopsies at the state medical examiner’s office found eight .22-caliber bullets in Hewitt’s body and three in Tozier’s, according to the court document released Monday.  Lord, 35, made an initial appearance Monday in Aroostook County Superior Court in Houlton before Judge Bernard O’ Mara. He appeared via video conference from the Aroostook County Jail and was represented by attorney Jeff Pickering. Lord was not asked to enter a plea to two counts of murder and one count of kidnapping and told the judge that he understood the charges against him. A bail hearing will be held on July 23.  Lord surrendered on Friday at the home of his uncle, Carl Lord Jr., on North Road after an intense 18-hour manhunt involving multiple law enforcement agencies in northern Penobscot and southern Aroostook counties.  Lord, who has a long criminal history and is a lifetime registrant on the Maine Sex Offender Registry, was arrested that day after he dropped to the ground in front of his uncle’s garage and was then surrounded by Maine State Police.  The crime spree was extensive. Lord is accused of lighting a barn on fire on the night of July 16 at the home of Kim Irish, 55, on Aroostook Road in Benedicta. He then made his way to nearby Silver Ridge Township and attacked Kary Mayo, who was tied to a chair and beaten, according to police. Guns and a truck were stolen during the 4:40 a.m. break-in at Mayo’s home.  Katie Sell, a Silver Ridge resident, told the Bangor Daily News on Saturday that her neighbor later called 911 for Mayo, telling the dispatcher that he had been hit over the head multiple times with a hammer.  A short time later in Benedicta, Kim Irish was shot and wounded and Kyle Hewitt, 22, was shot as he lay asleep on a couch. Police said he succumbed to his wounds a few hours later after being flown to a medical facility by a LifeFlight helicopter. Kim Irish’s wounds were not considered life-threatening, according to police. Hewitt’s girlfriend, Brittany Irish, 21, was kidnapped.  According to the affidavit, Brittany Irish attempted to flee the Irish residence and escape Lord by climbing out of a bathroom window and jumping on the back of a passing truck driven by Carlton Eddy, 60, of Benedicta..  Lord admitted to police that he ran after Irish and jumped on the back of the truck and shot at Eddy until he stopped the vehicle, according to the affidavit.  Lord then grabbed Brittany Irish and took her to another vehicle and left the area.  Eddy told the Bangor Daily News on Monday that he suffered three bullet wounds.  After he left Benedicta Friday morning, Lord was involved in a high-speed chase in Medway involving East Millinocket police, with Lord shooting at the officer. Shortly afterward, at 6:20 a.m., Lord pulled into a woodlot on Winn Road in Lee and shot Tozier and Clayton McCarthy, 54, of Mattawamkeag, police said.  Lord admitted in the affidavit that the shooting occurred because one of the men noticed that Brittany Irish had an injury on her arm and asked about it.  Lord then took McCarthy’s pulp truck.  Tozier died from his wounds. McCarthy managed to make it to a nearby residence and asked a woman inside to call 911.  Assistant Attorney General Leanne Zainea said Monday that additional charges were possible in the case.  Lord will be represented by Hunter Tzovarras, a Bangor attorney.  Brittany Irish’s sister, Nicole, set up a GoFundMe account to raise money for Hewitt’s funeral and medical expenses for her family.  The surviving gunshot victims were treated for their wounds and “are expected to survive,” Stephen McCausland, Maine Department of Public Safety spokesman, said Friday. Kim Irish has been released from the hospital.  The motive for the crime is still being investigated.  Watch bangordailynews.com for updates.