Police say three women were found dead at a home in Berlin Saturday morning and their deaths may be connected to the shooting of a DCF worker Friday night in Barre, less than 4 miles away.  WCAX News is not releasing the names of those women yet, because police say they are still working to track down their next of kin. But relatives were arriving at the home all day, trying to find some answers in this shocking case.  When David Huntley got to this house on Airport Road in Berlin, yellow crime scene tape seemed to confirm his worst fears.  "I'm pretty much in shock when I first heard about it," he said.  What Huntley had heard from relatives was that the house he often visited to spend time with his cousins was now the site of a triple-murder. But police would not confirm who was inside or how they died, leaving relatives like Huntley to hope against hope that it was not his family.  "I just wanted to try to find out. See if I can get it clarified," he said.  But he found no answers from Vermont state police at the scene. As the hours ticked by, there was little to go off of but rumor. At 3 p.m., the mobile crime lab arrived on scene. And shortly after, WCAX News learned from police that a woman had gone to the house at 8 a.m.in the morning and found the three women inside dead, at least two from gunshot wounds.  The victims are all related to Jody Herring, who police say gunned down DCF worker Lara Sobel on Friday as she left work. They say Herring was distraught after losing custody of her child. Police say they are now exploring a connection between those two cases.  A business owner tells WCAX News her surveillance camera caught the shooting as it unfolded and she has turned that video over to police to help in their investigation. Saturday, a small memorial was set up for the slain worker, Lara Sobel.  Huntley told us he did not know Jody Herring because she wasn't from his side of the family, but says their extended family is large throughout Central Vermont and this news dealt a big blow.  "That hit me right in the neck, you know, the throat," he said. "It's kind of tough to take. And it's going to be real tough to take."  Police are still actively working the scene in Berlin and expect to be for some time.  We expect to learn more from police, including the victim's names, later Saturday night.  Gov. Peter Shumlin, D-Vermont, issued the following statement on the developing situation in Berlin:  "The Vermont State Police are working collaboratively with the Barre and Berlin police and the investigation remains ongoing. Vermonters should know that there is no indication of a broader threat at this time to state employees or the general public. The tragedy that has gripped our state over the past 20 hours is immense. In the coming days we will need to pull together as a state to come to terms with these heinous events. My heart goes out to all the families, friends, and loved ones who have been affected by these tragedies."  The governor said he plans to hold a press conference Saturday at 9 p.m. at the Barre City Public Safety Complex.  Related Stories:  Vt. leaders react to Barre murder, Berlin deaths  Surveillance video may show deadly Barre shooting  Vt. DCF worker shot and killed in Barre