Buy Photo Cincinnati police officers investigate the scene on Mathis and Prentice in Madisonville after an overnight shooting. Multiple people were shot, two fatally. The bullet markers are near the Elks Home Lodge. (Photo: The Enquirer/ Liz Dufour)Buy Photo  A man shooting at others at a Madisonville party late Friday was one of the two who died in the barrage of gunfire.  Timothy Murphy, 30, was one of the shooters in the incident that also killed Barry Washington, 56, and left five others injured, said Sgt. Mike Miller.  Murphy was a suspect in a July incident also in Madisonville. In that incident, Murphy was accused of brandishing a handgun and threatening to shoot two women during a verbal altercation, according to court documents.  Two survivors from the shooting Friday, Dale Pennington, 49, and Dewaun Wallace, 36, were acquainted with the shooters, according to police. The other victims, Wayne Evans, 52, Cameron Green, 23, and Jerry Oliphant, 57, did not know the gunmen.  Miller said the victims were not the intended targets but would not go further into detail because of the ongoing investigation.  The shooting erupted at a party at Elks Lodge in the 6100 block of Prentice Street shortly at 11:57 p.m. Friday night.  Barry Washington and Timothy Murphy (Photo: Provided/Cincinnati Police)  Neighbors reported hearing numerous shots.  Eugene Warner, 83, who has lived in Madisonville for more than 30 years, said gunshots and screams woke him up. He said he heard more than 25 shots in a five-minute period.  Around 30 or 40 people were at the party before when a fight broke out between a group at the party and an outside group, said Capt. Jeff Butler.  The fight began in the bar area of the lodge and moved outside into the street, said Sgt. Mike Miller. The police incident report states that the five survivors were shot inside of the lodge.  No arrests have been made in the shooting. Officers arrested three people for fighting at the scene.  Washington's death at the shooting and Murphy's later at University of Cincinnati Medical Center were the 49th and 50th homicides in Cincinnati so far in 2015, according to Cincinnati Police Department data.  Read or Share this story: http://cin.ci/1Jc4ud7