Five men were shot Monday night on the 2900 block of Martin Luther King Avenue SE. Residents and Ward 8 Council Member LaRuby May pleaded on Tuesday for safety. News4's Pat Collins reports. (Published Tuesday, Sept. 8, 2015)  One man is dead and seven other people were injured in three separate shootings that happened in a span of seven hours Monday into Tuesday.  Jarrell Hall, 28, of Southwest D.C., was fatally shot about 10:30 p.m. Monday on the unit block of Forrester Street SW, police said. He was the District's 109th homicide victim of the year. Another person was also shot in that incident, and was taken to a hospital in critical condition.  1 Dead, 7 Injured After Violent Night in D.C.  One man is dead and seven others were injured in three separate shootings that happened in a span of seven hours Monday into Tuesday. (Published Tuesday, Sept. 8, 2015)  Thirty minutes earlier, authorities were called to a shooting that left five men injured in the 2900 block of Martin Luther King Avenue SE. None of the victims' injuries immediately appeared to be life-threatening, police said.  So many bullets were fired, detectives worked all night to collect evidence.  The men were shot in the legs, back, hip and buttocks, a police report said. The victims refused to fully cooperate with police, sources said.  And just before 4:30 a.m. Tuesday, another person was shot in the 5200 block of Nannie Helen Burroughs Avenue NE. Police say the victim was conscious and breathing when he was transported to an area hospital. The gunman was seen leaving the area wearing a ski mask.  No arrests had been made in any of the shootings as of Tuesday evening.  Near the scene of the shooting in Southeast D.C., residents pleaded for safety.  "During the day, it's a bunch of police out here and I love it. You can walk the street, you feel safe," one local said. "Then, at night -- it is what it is. It's really crazy at night."  Ward 8 Council Member LaRuby May said locals in her district want the same things people everywhere do.  "Our community, our residents, in Congress Park and across the ward, want safe neighborhoods and safe places for the children and for adults to be able to enjoy their neighborhoods," she said. "It's too much. No one wants to live in a community that's plagued with violence."  D.C. police offer a reward of up to $25,000 to anyone who provides information leading to an arrest and conviction of anyone responsible for a homicide committed in the District. Anyone with information is asked to call police at 202-727-9099. Those wishing to remain anonymous may send a text message to 50411.