Three people were shot at VBGB in uptown Charlotte on Friday night. (Photo: Erika Hayes, WCNC)  CHARLOTTE, N.C. -- Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police say five people were shot at the N.C. Music Factory in uptown Charlotte Friday night.  Just prior to 10:00 p.m., officers in the Central Division responded to a call for an assault with a deadly weapon. When they arrived on scene, officers found a female and two male victims in the parking lot suffering from apparent gunshot wounds. All three victims were transported to Carolinas Medical Center with potentially life-threatening injuries.  A short time later, officers responded to another assault with a deadly weapon call, this time at the intersection of Sprint Street and Callahan Street. Officers located a man who had driven himself to that location who was suffering from an apparent gunshot wound. Medic responded to the scene and transported the victim to Carolinas Medical Center with non-life-threatening injuries. Authorities were later notified of a fifth victim who had driven himself to Presbyterian Hospital with a non-life-threatening gunshot wound.  A short while after the incident, CMPD patrol officers located a vehicle that was leaving the scene and conducted a traffic stop. Authorities detained the occupants of the vehicle and located weapons inside the vehicle. Detectives with CMPD's Homicide/ADW unit are currently interviewing the subjects to determine if they were involved in the shooting.  Preliminary information indicated that there was an altercation inside Queen City Underground that spilled outside and into a parking lot. The subjects began shooting at each other in the business and outside.  The NC Music Factory released a statement following the incident:  On the evening of September 11, 2015 at approximately 10:04 PM an altercation occurred in the band rehearsal studios at the NC Music Factory. The incident escalated and resulted in multiple injuries. Security cameras located throughout the facility recorded the incident and both uniformed security as well as hired off-duty CPMD responded in short order. At the time of the incident there were multiple large events taking place throughout the property including a sold out outdoor concert in Fountain Plaza with thousands in attendance. All events where completed safely and incident free with full performances taking place as scheduled. Uniform security and CPMD did an excellent job responding and quickly apprehending the suspects, which are now in custody. We are thankful to CMPD for their support and the quick response, which resulted in the arrests within minutes of the incident.  We are deeply saddened by the horrendous actions of these individuals and want to assure all that we remain committed to doing our best to prevent such isolated incidents and insuring public safety. We strive to make the Music Factory a fun and safe place for all to enjoy and it is very unfortunate that tonight a few unruly individuals disrupted a good time for thousands. This type of behavior will not be tolerated at the NC Music Factory and the fact that these individuals were placed in custody in under 60 minutes we hope further sends a firm statement that crime our campus will not go unpunished. The NC Music Factory is committed to public safety and we will continue to produce safe and enjoyable world class entertainment for all.  Read or Share this story: http://www.wcnc.com/story/news/local/2015/09/11/breaking-3-people-shot--nc-music-factory/72117028/