Shreveport Police Violent Crimes detectives are seeking the identities and whereabouts of the suspect or suspects responsible for a drive-by shooting which sent four people to the hospital Saturday evening in west Shreveport.  Just before 8:30 p.m. on September 12, 2015, Shreveport Police patrol officers were called to a home located the 1500 block of Clanton Street relative to a shooting in which multiple victims were injured.  As officers arrived on scene, it was learned four victims, three below the age of 18 and one adult, 25-year-old Tadaruis Kennedy, had suffered injuries from gunfire, ranging from minor to potentially life-threatening.  Specific injuries to the victims include: A minor gunshot wound to the hand of Kennedy, a 17-year-old male who suffered a gunshot wound to the upper torso, a 16 year old girl who was grazed in the head, along with a 12-year-old boy, who was grazed in the jaw.  The 17-year-old male, suffered the more serious injury and remains in critical but stable condition. All victims were taken to University Health for treatment, where they are expected to survive.  Authorities at the scene of the crime immediately began gathering evidence and speaking with nearby residents.  Preliminary information suggests the shooting took place after a dark colored sedan driving near the intersection of Clanton Street at Dowdell Street fired multiple gunshots from the moving car.  Evidence of the shooting was recovered at the scene of the crime and is being processed in efforts to help identify the culprits responsible for the heinous act.  Detectives are working tirelessly to determine what events led to the incident. While no exact motive has been determined in the shooting, investigators do not believe the incident was a random act of violence.  Authorities are asking anyone with information about the crime to contact Crime Stoppers at (318) 673-7373 or visit their website at www.lockemup.org.  Crime Stoppers is offering a reward for information leading to the arrest of those responsible for the crime.