Lolita Wells lived in Back of the Yards for more than 20 years, raising six children and six grandchildren on a quiet block where other relatives also settled.  That life was shattered Monday evening when a passing car opened fire and hit Wells, her pregnant daughter Patricia Chew, her baby grandson Princeton and two other people in the 5300 block of South Aberdeen Street.  Wells and Chew were killed, but a police officer rushed Princeton to Stroger Hospital, where his condition was stabilized. Two other relatives, both 25-year-old men, were shot and taken to Mount Sinai Hospital, one wounded in the legs and the other in the abdomen.  "This has got to stop," said Monique Williams, Wells' sister-in-law who lives on the same block. "Don't nobody come on this block to shoot. Our kids play up and down this street. Now my son is scared, thinking someone might kill him.  "This place is all we know," she added. "It's not like we can pick up and move, because we own this. It's not like we can leave, because they're shooting everywhere. You don't run from where you come from."  Chew's sister, Persha Chew, said she had been standing with her mother and sister as they loaded children in the car for a visit to a relative, she said.  She walked into the family house and heard dozens of shots. When she made it back toward the family's black Chevy Impala, she saw her mother and sister on the ground, not moving. The baby was on top of Patricia Chew.  Patricia Chew's 4-year-old son and Persha Chew's 3-year-old daughter were in the car but not hurt.  "It was just family, standing outside waiting to go see more family," said Persha, 26. "Now I got to deal with the fact, how I'm going to explain to (Princeton) that he is never gonna see his mama or grandma again. How do I explain that to my daughter also?"  Wells, 47, and Patricia Chew, 33, were among six people killed in Chicago during a deadly 15-hour period. And baby Princeton was among eight people wounded in the city, including a 2-year-old accidentally shot, police said.  The Back of the Yards shooting occurred around 7:15 p.m. when a car drove up and shots were fired, police said. The mother and daughter were standing outside their car, after just loading small children inside, family members said. Patricia Chew was holding Princeton on her hip.  Wells was shot in the leg and Chew was hit on the right side. Both were pronounced dead at Stroger Hospital. Princeton was in stable condition Tuesday and expected to return home by Wednesday, Persha Chew said.  "It's real tough. It's hard," she said. "It's just so much (to handle). I can't really explain how I feel. It's just so much."  Wells grew up on the West Side but lived in Back of the Yards for more than 20 years.  "Lo was fun," Williams said. "She was a sweet lady. Lolita loved her kids. Her daughter Patricia was wonderful, beautiful. They were good people."  Patricia Chew lived on the Far South Side but came to visit her mother daily, her sister said. She was in school studying to become a nurse. She was three months pregnant.  "My sister was outgoing. She was always trying to make someone laugh. It was never a time that she was around when she wasn't trying to make somebody laugh. She loved her kids," Persha Chew said.  "My mama was the same way," she said. "They loved their family. There was never a dull moment around them.  "It was random and it was pretty dumb, to shoot a woman holding a baby," Persha Chew said.  On Tuesday morning, family members struggled to understand how two women could have been killed in the early evening hours on a block that's normally quiet, though surrounded by violence.  In recent weeks, there have been shootings nearby, Williams said. But residents on South Aberdeen Street took comfort in knowing that the children could play on the block and hang out without fear because most of the residents had been there for decades.  "This is too close to home," Williams said. "This is two generations gone. I'm scared ... if they are shooting women and kids, who am I? You shouldn't have to be scared every time you walk out your door. You shouldn't start trembling when you come out your house. It shouldn't be that way."  In the hours after the shooting, family members kept vigil outside Stroger as doctors checked out the baby boy.  Laura Henry, 25, a cousin, said the family plans to team up in looking after Chew’s surviving children. “I got her kids, no matter what,” she said with a big smile.  Another cousin, Unique Williams, 17, said Chew and her mother would spoil her. Wells liked to teach others in the family how to dance.  “(Chew) was my favorite cousin,” Williams said. “I love them both so much. … Words cannot describe how feel right now.”  Williams said her family is not new to gun violence. One of her other cousins, 19-year-old Jaynisha Schaffer, was killed in a shooting just after the Fourth of July weekend in 2014. She was killed just before her 20th birthday.  “Chicago’s messed up,” Williams said.