ROSEBURG -- In a few brutal minutes Thursday, a 26-year-old man turned Roseburg's Umpqua Community College into the site of Oregon's deadliest mass shooting -- a rampage so violent police pleaded for "as many ambulances as possible" and President Barack Obama went on national TV to argue, again, for tougher guns laws.  The gunman shot and killed nine people before dying himself after a firefight with officers.  "There's been another mass shooting in America, this time at a community college in Oregon," the president said. "It means there are more American families -- moms, dads, children -- whose lives have been changed forever. That means there's another community stunned with grief ...  "I've been to Roseburg, Oregon. There are really good people there."  The gunman, whose name police have not released but The Oregonian/OregonLive confirmed as Chris Harper-Mercer, entered an Introduction to Expository Writing class in Snyder Hall around 10:30 a.m. Thursday. He carried a "long gun," according to radio calls between police and emergency dispatchers, and up to three handguns.  The shooting began immediately.  Across campus, in adjacent classrooms, administrative offices, the cafeteria and the bookstore, hundreds of other students abandoned their textbooks, cell phones and computers in a mad race for cover as "pop, pop, pop" echoed. English instructor Jenny Friedman counted 15 shots.  Police cars quickly blocked the only road onto campus. Some students stayed in hiding for more than two hours before police marched them out, patted them down and shepherded them onto school buses that ferried them to Douglas County Fairgrounds. Detectives, family members and the media awaited.  Police arrived on campus moments after the first 911 call and declared the gunman "neutralized" barely eight minutes in, a swift response that witnesses and law enforcement officials say may have saved dozens of lives. About 35 people were in Snyder Hall when the shooter attacked.  Still, in perhaps 10 minutes of violence, the gunman killed at least nine people and injured at least seven others. Paramedics took victims to Mercy Medical Center in Roseburg. Three critically injured patients were later airlifted elsewhere. Victims had been shot in the chest, back, legs and hands, hospital officials said.  The killer shot a teacher in the head at point-blank range, one witness told the Roseburg News Review newspaper, and ordered students to the floor. He demanded they tell him their religious affiliation, the witness said, but did not wait for answers before firing again.  Federal investigators, chasing rumors that the shooter had warned of his intentions on social media, were investigating the case as a possible hate crime.  As night fell Thursday, police escorted neighbors from the apartment complex where Harper-Mercer lived in nearby Winchester, and officers in camouflage and police dogs began to search his unit. Investigators also worked through every room on campus and were checking every car left behind in the community college's packed parking lot.  Harper-Mercer moved through his 26 years barely leaving a paper trail to prove he existed. Public records show no brushes with law enforcement, no record of borrowing money. His parents filed for divorce in the Los Angeles area in 2005. In 2013, Harper-Mercer moved with his mother 790 miles north to Winchester, four miles north of Roseburg.  It was not clear Thursday evening whether Harper-Mercer was shot by a police officer or if he killed himself. At least two officers exchanged fire with him, said Douglas County Sheriff John Hanlin.  Hanlin encouraged the media and Douglas County residents not to mention the shooter by name.  "I will not give him the credit he probably sought prior to his horrific and cowardly act," the sheriff said. "You will never hear me mention his name."  A full account of the dead and wounded was not available late Thursday. Although some students expressed, along with their heartbreak, frustration that they did not immediately know which classmates or instructors had been killed, Hanlin said the county's "mass casualty" protocol requires a wait of 24 to 48 hours before names are released.  Umpqua serves about 4,600 students over the course of an academic year, a mix of recent high school graduates starting work on their college degrees and middle-aged adults returning to school in search of new skills and job opportunities. Many take classes part-time. Like community colleges across Oregon, the school offers a lower-cost higher education to any student who wishes to enroll.  "This is a community of one degree of separation," said Russ Wilson, associate pastor at Roseburg's New Life Christian Center. "If you don't know somebody who goes to the school, you know somebody who knows somebody at the school."  At the time of the shooting, school officials said, one unarmed security guard was on duty. This week marked the start of the fall term, and Thursday was only the second day of classes for many students and instructors.  "We are a community college in the best sense of the word," said Rita Cavin, Umpqua's interim president. "Things like this last forever. It's an emotional scar for the college."  Roseburg, a town of 22,000 three hours south of Portland, has suffered tragedy before. In 2006, Roseburg High freshman Vincent Leodoro shot fellow student Joseph Monti four times in the back while both were in the school courtyard. Monti survived, and many Roseburg-area institutions, including Umpqua Community College, responded to the attack with new plans for how to handle and prevent active shooter scenarios.  More broadly, the collapse of the timber industry and the recession have devastated Douglas County, driving the median family income from the equivalent of $46,447 in 2000 to $40,524 two years ago.  Yet this community, the latest addition to a tear-stained list that includes Littleton, Aurora and Newtown, has never suffered a loss this bloody or far-reaching. Football games and other sporting events were postponed Thursday night, and school systems across Douglas County have cancelled classes Friday. The community college itself will be closed until at least Monday.  According to crowd-sourced counts, this is the 294th mass shooting in the United States so far this year and the 45th shooting on a school or college campus.  "It's sick," said longtime Roseburg High football coach Thurman Bell. "You wonder what's happening in the world today.  "In Roseburg? In Roseburg?"  Staff writers Andrew Greif, Maxine Bernstein, Ian K. Kullgren, Casey Parks, Lynne Terry, Jim Ryan, Lynne Palombo, Jeff Manning, Carli Brosseau, Andrew Theen, Nick Budnick, Everton Bailey Jr., Nuran Altier, Mike Rogoway, Emily E. Smith, Laura Gunderson, Ted Sickinger and Rebecca Woolington contributed to this report.  -- Anna Griffin  (503) 412-7053; @annargriff