Barbara Scott, center, is pictured in this photo provided to FOX Carolina by family.  Cathy and Mike Scott, two of four people reportedly found dead in Pendleton on Monday, are pictured in this photo provided by family.  Anderson County deputies and the coroner were at the scene of a shooting in Pendleton on Monday. (FOX Carolina 11/2/2015)  The coroner said the victims were all shot and died on Sunday.  Anderson County deputies and the coroner are investigating after four bodies were discovered Monday on Refuge Road in Pendleton.  Anderson County Coroner Greg Shore said he was not sure of the motive behind the deaths as of Monday afternoon.  On Tuesday, deputies said the deaths were being investigated as a "quadruple murder." Forensics investigators returned to the scene Tuesday to search for evidence.  The victims have been identified as Barbara Scott, age 80; Cathy Scott, age 60; Violet Taylor, age 82; and Michael Scott, age 59, according to Shore.  All four lived at the house where their bodies were found and were related, deputies said.  Mike and Cathy are married, while Barbara is Mike's mother and Violet is Cathy's mother, an official and family tell FOX Carolina.  There are two homes located at the property, but deputies focused their investigation at one home.  Shore said that Cathy's daughter called 911 after arriving at the house.  The daughter, Amy Vilardy, spoke to Sarah Danik Monday night on The 11 O' Clock News about the gruesome discovery.  Deputies said a postmortem examination of all victims indicated that all the victims received gunshot wounds some time on Sunday.  Shore said autopsies conducted Tuesday revealed that all four victims died sometime between Sunday.  The sheriff’s office is investigating the killings as a quadruple homicide and not a murder-suicide.  A perpetrator has not been identified as of 3:45 p.m. Tuesday.  Shore said all the victims died of gunshot wounds. He declined to say how many times they had been shot, or where they were shot.  The victims' cause of death is gunshot wound and the manner of death has been ruled a homicide.  Although the coroner's office said there were few defensive wounds on their bodies, the agency is limiting details due to the ongoing investigation.  Shore thinks the victims were killed sometime between noon and 3 p.m. Sunday.  Michael Scott had texted his boss on Sunday that he would be at work on Monday. A family member came to the house at 3:30 p.m. Sunday, but no one appeared to be home.  Vilardy said that the family usually had a big meal on Sunday around noon. And Shore said the autopsies showed that Michael and Cathy had both had a large meal about an hour before their deaths.  There was no forced entry into the home.  Shore said that the magnitude of the injuries is terrible.  Anyone with information regarding this case is asked to contact the Anderson County Sheriff's Office at 864-260-4400 or Crimestoppers at 1-888-CRIME-SC.  Copyright 2015 FOX Carolina (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.