By: WCTV Eyewitness News  November 19, 2015  TALLAHASSEE, Fla. -- A man is charged with four counts of attempted murder after a shooting at a Tallahassee trailer park earlier this month.  The shooting occurred around 8 p.m. on November 6 at Carriage Manor trailer park in the 3000 block of Carriage Manor Circle.  Tallahassee Police have arrested 22-year-old Derrick Baker and charged him with four counts of attempted second degree murder, possession of a firearm by a convicted felon and discharging a firearm from a vehicle.  The shooting followed an argument between a man accompanying Baker and one of the residents, according to arrest papers.  Police say Baker and others later returned to his residence and got into an argument with another resident.  They got into a car and Baker fired a shotgun into a crowd that had gathered, according to TPD.  Police say one of the witnesses, who fought one of the men earlier in the day, told them he had retrieved a rifle from his apartment and fired back at Baker in self-defense.  Three men and one woman suffered gunshot wounds. Police say one of the victims was expected to lose sight in one of his eyes.  No other charges are believed to have been filed at this time.  By: WCTV Eyewitness News  November 6, 2015  TALLAHASSEE, Fla. -- Tallahassee Police are investigating a shooting that occurred around 8 p.m. Friday.  More than a dozen police cars were at the scene on Carriage Manor Circle, in a neighborhood near the intersection of W Tharpe Street and N Mission Road.  The Tallahassee Police Department has confirmed that four people were injured in the shooting.  Two victims were transported to the hospital with non life-threatening injuries. Two others declined EMS treatment at the scene.  There was heavy law enforcement presence on scene during the investigation, due to what police called a "hostile crowd."  Police have no suspects in custody at this time.  TPD is asking anyone with information about this case to call (850) 891-4200.  