NEW PORT RICHEY — Authorities investigating a Monday morning shooting that left three men dead inside a Moon Lake mobile home say a fourth victim escaped and is expected to recover from her wounds.  The Pasco County Sheriff's Office withheld the victim's name to protect her while two suspects remain at large, spokesman Eddie Daniels said.  He identified the other victims in the possibly drug-related shooting as Louis Wayne Lunceford, 44; Shane Newland, 42; and Justin Huckeby, 25.  Authorities continued to search for the suspects Tuesday evening. Christopher Lee Duncan, 26, and Dora Delgado, 38, are considered armed and dangerous and were last seen in a blue Ford sport utility vehicle with Florida plate CDAA98, authorities say.  Department of Corrections records show Duncan was released from state prison in May after serving most of a four-year sentence for being a felon in possession of a concealed firearm.  All three victims had pasts marked by arrests and jail time.  Newland had been incarcerated several times, corrections records show. He was released most recently in January 2014 after serving more than two years for aggravated assault and burglary of an occupied residence.  Lunceford recently had been charged with a number of crimes in Pasco County, including battery by strangulation, false imprisonment, attempted sexual battery and aggravated battery, along with a number of drug charges, clerk's records show.  Huckeby had been arrested in Pasco County on charges including possession of cocaine, domestic battery and loitering, sheriff's arrest records show. His Facebook page contains references to using drugs. In a post in June, he talked about trying to stay clean.  "My dad taught me how to b a man so i no what i gotta do," he wrote. "Its just been hard tryin to find that middle ground."  Deputies found the victims about 5 a.m. Monday after a caller reported gunshots. The fourth victim had escaped the home at 9552 Adler St. by the time deputies arrived.  "Drugs may be involved in this case, and it may be a targeted hit," Sheriff Chris Nocco said Monday. "Anybody who commits homicides like this could possibly harm other people."  Daniels said the Sheriff's Office could not yet provide a clear picture of a potential motive.  The sheriff urged anyone with information to contact the Sheriff's Office by calling toll-free, 1-800-706-2488 or by clicking on "submit tips" at pascosheriff.us.  Crime Stoppers of Tampa Bay, toll-free 1-800-873-8477, has offered a cash reward for anyone with information leading to the suspects' arrests.  Times staff researcher John Martin contributed to this report. Contact Claire McNeill at cmcneill@tampabay.com.