× 5 children injured in South Side shooting  Five children are in the hospital this morning after being shot on the city’s South Side.  It happened just after 7:30 p.m. Sunday near the corner of Marquette Road and South Michigan Avenue in the Park Manor neighborhood.  Witnesses say the group was walking home after playing basketball at a nearby school when someone pulled up and asked if they were in a gang.  An 11-year-old girl was shot in the chin and neck and is in critical condition at Stronger Hospital.  Her 14-year-old cousin was shot in the leg and was taken to Comer Hospital in stable condition.  A 14-year-old girl was shot in the stomach – she is listed as serious.  A 15-year-old girl was shot in the arm and another 14-year-old girl suffered a graze wound to the back side.  Police say no one is in custody.  In other shootings Sunday afternoon:  • About 12:20 a.m. a 23-year-old man was shot in the 9500 block of South Loomis Street, police said. The man was sitting inside a vehicle when he was shot in the arm, according to police. He was taken in good condition to Advocate Christ Medical Center in Oak Lawn.  • About 9:50 p.m., a 17-year-old boy and an 18-year-old man were shot while walking on the sidewalk in the 8200 block of South Avalon Avenue, police said. Two or three people stepped out of a gangway and at least one of them opened fire, striking the 17-year-old in the calf and the 18-year-old in the arm.  The boy was taken to Jackson Park Hospital, and the 18-year-old was taken to Advocate Trinity Hospital, police said. Their conditions were stablized.  • About 9:40 p.m., a 15-year-old passenger was shot inside a vehicle stopped at a traffic light in the 1700 block of North Pulaski Road. Three people crossing the street flashed gang signs and at least one of them opened fire at the vehicle, police said.  The girl was struck in the back and the driver took her to Saints Mary and Elizabeth Hospital, where her condition was stabilized.  • Also about 9:40 p.m., a 35-year-old man was shot while standing on the sidewalk in the 900 block of West 19th Street. Someone in a dark-colored SUV fired shots, grazing the man in the neck and striking him in the buttocks. He was in serious condition at Stroger.  • Two men, ages 25 and 20, were shot about 3:28 p.m. Sunday on the 6800 block of South Laflin Street in the city’s Englewood neighborhood. The 25-year-old was shot in his shoulder and was taken in serious condition to Advocate Christ Medical Center in Oak Lawn. The 20-year-old was shot twice in his face and was self transported to Holy Cross Hospital before being taken by Chicago Fire Department paramedics to Mount Sinai Hospital. His condition was not immediately available, police said.  • Two men, ages 27 and 30, were shot about 9 a.m. on the 8300 block of South Ada Street in the Gresham neighborhood on the South Side, Estrada said. Both suffered gunshot wounds to their backs and were taken to Advocate Christ Medical Center in Oak Lawn in serious condition. The circumstances leading up to the shooting were not immediately available.  The Chicago Tribune contributed to this report