MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — An overnight shooting in Mankato, Minn. left four people shot, including one person who died from their injuries, and three arrested, according to authorities.  Police were dispatched around 1:53 a.m. Sunday to Kato Entertainment Center — Kato Ballroom — on 200 E. Chestnut St., on a report of gunshots. Upon arrival, officers learned four people had been shot.  “As they were within a block, police could hear some of the gun shots.” Mankato Public Safety Commander Jeremy Clifton said.  All victims were transported to a local hospital. One person died from their injuries and the others are being treated for non-life threatening injuries, according to authorities.  Officers say one person was arrested and a handgun was recovered at the scene. Two others were also arrested for obstruction of the legal process.  “Their exact level of involvement is still being worked on. And we are working with the county attorney’s office to make determinations about appropriate charges,” Clifton said.  Clifton said they are still not certain they have the shooter.  “Someone had to have pulled the trigger, and we are working and doing due diligence to try to capture the person,” he said.  According to Kato Ballroom owner Tania Cordes, the center rented the back banquet room to the South Sudanese Group at Minnesota State University for a celebratory party. There was no alcohol served.  Cordes says the event was peaceful until lights were turned on a 1:45 a.m. announcing it was time to leave. At that point, an altercation broke out amongst some of the students.  “Ballroom security called 911 asking for police assistance, escorted those students outside and was in the process of breaking up the fight when gun shots were heard. We believe that the shooter went to his car and retrieved his weapon. All of the shootings happened outside of the Ballroom after the party was over” Cordes said in a statement.    Read The Full Statement  The Bureau of Criminal Apprehension is assisting local law enforcement with the investigation. Police say this was not a random act and there is no danger to the public.  The identity of the person killed has not been released.