***BREAKING*** Shooting Suspect Dead After Citywide Manhunt And Shootout With Police Posted: Thursday, January 16, 2014 11:08 PM EST  JOHNSTON CO., OK -- "Sometimes I think Christians are the ones that are persecuted and not able to have freedom of religion,” Johnston County resident, Linda Hogue says.Residents across Johnston County are disappointed with a recent decision to remove a 10 Commandments monument from outside the courthouse in Tishomingo."This is historical history, it’s part of our country with 10 Commandments representing our judicial system, and the law that we go by, what b...  JOHNSTON CO., OK -- "Sometimes I think Christians are the ones that are persecuted and not able to have freedom of religion,” Johnston County resident, Linda Hogue says.Residents across Johnston County are disappointed with a recent decision to remove a 10 Commandments monument from outside the courthouse in Tishomingo."This is historical history, it’s part of our country with 10 Commandments representing our judicial system, and the law that we go by, what b...  CARTER COUNTY, OKLAHOMA-- It's been almost a year now that an Ardmore woman was reported missing... months later, remains were found on a property in Lone Grove, and Thursday, police confirm their speculation was correct.Another step closer..."The Medical Examiner has notified us that they have positively identified the remains," Captain Eric Hamblin, Ardmore Police Department, said.  CARTER COUNTY, OKLAHOMA-- It's been almost a year now that an Ardmore woman was reported missing... months later, remains were found on a property in Lone Grove, and Thursday, police confirm their speculation was correct.Another step closer..."The Medical Examiner has notified us that they have positively identified the remains," Captain Eric Hamblin, Ardmore Police Department, said.  DENISON, TX-- It's a Texoma Thanksgiving tradition. Every year families who weren't able to cook or have a meal at home gathered at Nick's Family Restaurant in Denison for turkey and the trimmings.For 11 years Nick's has prepared a traditional Thanksgiving feast for the Denison community.  DENISON, TX-- It's a Texoma Thanksgiving tradition. Every year families who weren't able to cook or have a meal at home gathered at Nick's Family Restaurant in Denison for turkey and the trimmings.For 11 years Nick's has prepared a traditional Thanksgiving feast for the Denison community.  GRAYSON COUNTY, TX-- Thanksgiving is a day most celebrate with food and family, but for people in need food is hard to come by. That's why volunteers came together to help hundreds of people get a meal this Thanksgiving.  GRAYSON COUNTY, TX-- Thanksgiving is a day most celebrate with food and family, but for people in need food is hard to come by. That's why volunteers came together to help hundreds of people get a meal this Thanksgiving.  Thanksgiving meals delivered to those in need  Thanksgiving meals delivered to those in need  SHERMAN, TX-- Police are urging drivers to be careful if they're out on the roads after several accidents this morning.  SHERMAN, TX-- Police are urging drivers to be careful if they're out on the roads after several accidents this morning.  SHERMAN, TX-- The rainy weather slowed down the Black Friday crowds, but it didn't quit keep everyone from coming out.  SHERMAN, TX-- The rainy weather slowed down the Black Friday crowds, but it didn't quit keep everyone from coming out.  GRAYSON COUNTY, TX-- Road closed signs like this are set up in areas throughout Grayson County.  GRAYSON COUNTY, TX-- Road closed signs like this are set up in areas throughout Grayson County.  MARSHALL COUNTY, OK-- A man was arrested early Friday morning after deputies say he threatened his families lives.Marshall County Deputies say they arrested Jaime Puente around 3 a.m.They say they responded to a domestic call where Puente was threatening his wife and family with a machete. Police arrived on scene and arrested Puente for aggravated assault with a deadly weapon and resisting arrest, thankfully no one was hurt.  MARSHALL COUNTY, OK-- A man was arrested early Friday morning after deputies say he threatened his families lives.Marshall County Deputies say they arrested Jaime Puente around 3 a.m.They say they responded to a domestic call where Puente was threatening his wife and family with a machete. Police arrived on scene and arrested Puente for aggravated assault with a deadly weapon and resisting arrest, thankfully no one was hurt.  DENISON, TX-- Heavy rainfall this weekend has left its mark in parts of Texoma. Some areas have even seen some flooding.  DENISON, TX-- Heavy rainfall this weekend has left its mark in parts of Texoma. Some areas have even seen some flooding.  DENISON, TX-- People lined the sidewalks of downtown Denison today waiting for the opening of Small Business Saturday.  DENISON, TX-- People lined the sidewalks of downtown Denison today waiting for the opening of Small Business Saturday.  ARDMORE, OK -- The search is over and the man police say shot four people in Ardmore, two of which were federal agents, is now dead.  Police say Henry Jackson is believed to have been involved in three separate shootings in a 24 hour period of time.  Police say federal agents located Jackson's silver Ford Taurus in a northeast Ardmore neighborhood around 6:30 Thursday afternoon. Police say a man, they believe was Jackson, opened fire hitting both agents and then fled the scene in the silver Taurus.  One agent was taken to the emergency room, the other was treated on scene.  In an earlier shooting, officers say Jackson shot a person at a home on Boyd street Thursday Afternoon. They say it happened during an argument.  Police say the victim was shot in the hip and was flown to a hospital in Oklahoma City where they were treated and released.      Police also say they believe Jackson shot a woman Wednesday night.  Investigators say it happened on Burton Street in the southeast part of town sometime before 9:30. They say the woman was in the backseat of a car when a man in a black hoodie and a ski mask knocked on the window. When she rolled down the window she was shot in the arm. Police say all the victims of those three shootings are expected to survive.      Jackson was shot and killed during a shootout with police at the corner of H and MLK in Ardmore around 9:30 Thursday night following a multi-agency manhunt..    Ardmore Police Chief Ken Grace says he would like to thank all the agencies involved in helping find Jackson and bringing an end to this incident.          