June 5, 2014 at 3:35 PM  For further updates, read the full story here. (We’ve stopped adding developments to this blog post for now.)  Related: On or near the SPU campus? Tell us what you’re seeing.  Update at 5:35 p.m.: Seattle police Capt. Chris Fowler, during a media briefing, said the gunman walked into SPU’s Otto Miller Hall and shot three people in the foyer with a shotgun. As the gunman was reloading, a student building monitor grabbed or tackled the gunman and other students then jumped him. They held him until police arrived.  Mayor Ed Murray, speaking at the briefing, said “Once again the epidemic of gun violence has come to Seattle.” He cited previous mass shootings at Cafe Racer and on Capitol Hill.  Update at 5:33 p.m.: Abby Carson, a 22-year-old senior, was taking a math exam on the second floor of Otto Miller Hall. Toward the end of exam, a message flashed on a screen in the room, saying the building was in lockdown.  The professor locked the door, said Carson, who continued to take the test.  “At first we thought it was a joke, because we always have practice drills,” Carson said.  She finished the test, then checked her phone and saw another message from the university: There was a shooter on campus.  The students stopped taking the test.  She and the other students heard yelling nearby. She wasn’t sure if was the police or other students. Then, she heard police yelling to lock down.  The 20 students in the room and an instructor tried to look for places in the room to hide. There were none. So they all huddled behind the professor’s desk. They heard the police shouting. They saw messages on their phones that the casualty toll was mounting.  “Everyone was staring at the door, scared of what would happen,” said Carson.  They waited, as text after text from family members appeared on their phones, asking if they were OK.  After about 45 minutes to an hour, Carson thinks, they were escorted out, two at time.  When leaving the building, Carson said, they saw blood spattered on the wall inside the front entrance to Miller Hall, and pools of blood in the lobby. She also saw what appeared to be red shell casings.  “I’m angry and very upset that this has to happen and things like this continue to happen,” said Carson, who is from Salem, Ore.  “This is a private, Christian university, she added. “The fact that it could happen here shows that it could happen anywhere.”  Update at 5:22 p.m.: Harvborview says three of the four victims at the hospital have gunshot wounds. Unclear what wounds the fourth victim suffered.  The hospital has also released the following phone number for those who believe a family member was wounded: 206-744-4028.  Update at 5:15 p.m.: Harborview Medical Center reports a young adult male who arrived in critical condition has died. A 20-year-old female in critical condition is undergoing surgery. A 24-year-old male is in satisfactory condition. A 22-year-old male is in satisfactory condition.  Update at 5:08 p.m.: The Associated Press is reporting one of the victims has died at Harborview Medical Center.  The lockdown at SPU has ended.  Update at 5:05 p.m.: Seattle police said the gunman walked into Otto Miller Hall, shot four people and then began reloading. As he was reloading, SPU staff disarmed him and held him for police.  Update at 4:48 p.m.: SPU student Gloris Jones, 20, was walking from Otto Miller Hall with her mother, Mary Jones, who is visiting from Michigan. She received a text message from a friend who said he had been shot. She sent five or six messages to her friend, a rising SPU senior, but he didn’t reply. Another friend confirmed to her that he had been shot.  “I don’t even know where he is,” Gloris Jones said as she hugged her mother. “And you want to make sure he’s OK.”  Kharis Lund, 19, a sophomore at SPU, said she was in her dorm room at Emerson Hall when she heard sirens.  “We thought that’s a lot of sirens, just for something in the neighborhood,” Lund said.  [do action=”brightcove-video” videoid=”3608209139001″/]Next, Lund said, she got a mass text from the school reporting the campus was on lockdown, it was not a drill and that a shooter was on campus.  She said she and several other people in the room locked the doors, closed the blinds and got on the floor.  “It was super-terrifying,” Lund said. “There were lot of people crying and calling their parents.”  Lund, who is from Canada, said she couldn’t call her parents because of her limited cell phone plan, so she let them know she was unhurt in a Facebook message.  The group in the room remained cautious until they heard a media report that the shooter was apprehended.  Lund said her room is a short distance from Otto Miller Hall, where the shooting occurred, and on the same road. But she did not see what happened, she said.  Update at 4:43 p.m.: SPU student Jordan Heff was in class when he heard gunshots coming from a classroom next door.  “I was in physics and people heard a loud bang – we thought it was a science experiment. We heard crying and yelling outside our door. We walked out and there were blood stains all over the carpet.”  Update at 4:35 p.m.: Elissa Johnson is presently in a professor’s office, which is still on lockdown at SPU. They’re waiting for the “all clear.”  Students received an email and a text from SPU, stating they were on lockdown – “NOT A DRILL.”  SPU does have a lockdown protocol, they have drills.  Update at 4:30 p.m.: Brianna Clarke, a SPU graduating senior, said she heard two muffled sounds, which she thought was an experiment from a chemistry professor. She walked out of the room and saw someone running, yelling “someone is down.”  She said she walked out of the building and saw people on the ground, “not moving.”  She said she couldn’t believe a shooting would happen in the Queen Anne neighborhood.  “This is a loving community,” Clarke said.  Update at 4:25 p.m.: Harborview spokeswoman Susan Gregg said one victim is in critical condition and a second is satisfactory. Six Four more victims expected.  Update at 4:23 p.m.: Tom Lane, who works in the SPU school of business, said he got an email and text notification of the lockdown at 3:28 p.m. — right around the time he heard emergency vehicles responding to the scene. At his office across the street and a couple buildings away, the three workers on his floor closed the blinds, locked the doors and gathered in the hallway.  Lane said the university has sent out subsequent messages emphasizing the lockdown and that it was not a drill.  “We’re just praying for those who have been injured and those who are witness to this and those who are first responders and caregivers,” Lane said.  Update at 4:16 p.m.: Seattle Storm players, coaching staff and male practice players were part of a campus lockdown at Seattle Pacific University on Thursday. The team’s practice court is in the basement of Royal Brougham Pavilion, which is across the street from the site of shooting.  Storm coach Brian Agler wrapped practice later than normal; at about 2:45 p.m. Guard Sue Bird left to join a live chat with The Seattle Times at the team’s headquarters in Magnolia, and the chat was cut short after she learned of the shootings. Forward Camille Little had a public appearance and is believed to have left quickly. But majority of her teammates, coaches and male practice players were still in the facility showering and preparing to leave.  Storm associate head coach Jenny Bouce, reached by cellphone, confirmed the lockdown but was still searching to see where everyone was specifically in the building. The Storm has a satellite office space upstairs in gym and a locker room below with the practice court.  Update at 4:12 p.m.: Law enforcement officers say the gunman who shot and wounded several people at Seattle Pacific University was armed with either a shotgun or a rifle.  Update at 4:11 p.m.: Police now say there is only one suspect in the shooting at Seattle Pacific University and he is in custody.  The suspect vehicle believed to be a white Chevy S-10 pickup, parked on the northwest corner outside Otto Miller Hall  Update at 4:08 p.m.: The first victims from the shooting are arriving at Harborview Medical Center.  Police say there is conficting information on the number of victims. Three victims have been confirmed, police say.  Seattle fire says four victims have been taken to Harborview with wounds varying from minor to life-threatening.  Update at 3:58 p.m.: Otto Miller Hall is being evacuated. Police say there are at least four victims awaiting treatment in the hall, but they cannot go in until it is evacuated. They believe the second gunman may be inside.  All victims are being taken to Harborview Medical Center.  Original post: Seattle police are investigating a shooting at Otto Miller Hall on the Seattle Pacific University Campus.  Officials say there appears to be seven victims; no fatalities.  Police say they have one person in custody, but a search for a second suspect has kept medics from getting to up to six injured people inside Otto Miller Hall, said Seattle Fire Department spokesman Kyle Moore.  One man has been taken to Harborview Medical Center with critical injuries, Moore said.  The second suspect is described as a white male, wearing a long-sleeve blue shirt with vertical stripes armed with handgun.  The campus has been placed under lockdown. Students are being advised to stay off campus, according to the school website.  This post will be updated.