Peace symbol-wearing Muslim girl to Trump: I heard you wanted us to wear badges so I chose one for myself  Pope Francis: God ‘must never be used to justify hatred and violence’  NYPD’s Muslim cops hit back at Trump: We’re serving our city and our country — what have you done?  Trump almost got it right: Some people were arrested for celebrating 9/11 — but they were Israeli  Domestic terrorism and the evil that men do  Viral conservative YouTube star CJ Pearson turns his back on the GOP because of Laquan McDonald video  Mississippi man guns down Waffle House waitress after she asks him not to smoke  Black religious leaders say they will not endorse ‘insult and embarrassment’ Donald Trump  World’s most ‘adorable drug kingpin’ is actually the daughter of Texas DEA head honcho  Police in Florida believe a San Carlos Park man fatally shot his three children, his wife and then turned the gun on himself over the weekend.  Lee Sheriff Mike Scott told the Naples Daily News that 36-year-old Sonny Enrique “Quique” Medina left a note before shooting 29-year-old Maria Antonia Navas, 10-year-old Allison Navas, 6-year-old Sophia Medina-Navas, and 2-year-old Mia Medina-Navas early Sunday morning. Scott declined to reveal the contents of the note due to an ongoing investigation.  Scott called the incident the single-largest mass shooting in Lee County history.  “This is everyday USA behind me,” Scott said on Sunday as he was standing front of the crime scene. “Something snapped, something went terribly wrong. And we’ll never know the answer to why.”  WBBH reported that Enrique Medina may have been drunk after a party at the family’s home until early Sunday morning. But Scott said that the party was “not germane” to the shootings, according to Naples Daily News.  Neighbor Nathan Hovey said that his girlfriend, Jenny Brunt, heard a child scream sometime after 2 am.  “She heard a girl say, ‘You’re an evil man,’” Hovey recalled. “Then it was silence. Nothing.”  Karen Downare remembered Enrique Medina as a “kind, gentle, loving dad.”  “If you would have told me that it was possible for him to ever do this, I would have told you you’re a liar,” she insisted. “That it was not possible for that man to do that to his family.”  Watch the video below from WBBH, broadcast June 8, 2104.  NBC-2.com WBBH News for Fort Myers, Cape Coral  NBC-2.com WBBH News for Fort Myers, Cape Coral