STAMFORD, Conn. -- In a chaotic moment early Sunday that was captured on video, five people were shot near Columbus Park in downtown Stamford and one person was arrested, police said.  The video from the Stamford Police Department is above. The department warns that the video is graphic and not suitable for children. Police are seeking additional information about the incident.  Police were first alerted to shootings at 1:38 a.m. Sunday in the area of 84 West Park Place when officers heard numerous gunshots, police said in a statement.  Officers then encountered a chaotic scene in which five people had been shot, police said. They also discovered and secured several crime scenes, which stretched for two blocks, police said.  A suspect was was quickly detained by uniformed Officer Velez, Officer Costello and Officer Federline in the area of Atlantic Street and Bank Street.  The suspect was identified as 22-year-old Dayron Wills, of 300 Tresser Blvd., Apt 7E, Stamford.  Wills admitted to his involvement in the shooting and told the officers that he had discarded the weapon near Atlantic Street and Bank Street, police said. Officers found a loaded .40-caliber handgun in that location, police said.  Wills also said he had been involved in an altercation outside Tino’s Nightclub at 84 West Park Place, police said. During the altercation, he pulled out the handgun and began shooting at the other person involved, police said.  The video evidence shows Wills indiscriminately firing his weapon into the crowded downtown area, striking five persons, police said.  All the victims were transported to Stamford Hospital for treatment, police said. Four males and one female were treated for gunshot wounds to their upper and lower extremities, and the injuries appear to be non-life-threatening, police said.  Wills has a valid pistol permit and was legally registered to carry the weapon, police said.  Officers also seized a small amount of marijuana from Wills' possession, police said.