Stamford Police say five bystanders were shot early Sunday when a gunman pulled out semi-automatic handgun during an argument and began indiscriminately shooting in downtown Stamford.The five suffered non-life threatening injuries and the suspected gunman, who admitted to the shootings, is under arrest, according to police.The shooting was reported at about 1:38 a.m. July 13 and responded to the area of 84 West Park Pl., according to Capt. Richard Conklin. Conklin said, "There were hundreds of people outside on a beautiful night … We are extremely lucky that no one was killed, as the video shows the reckless shooting."While police have a suspect in custody being held on $1 million bond, Conklin said they are "seeking the public's assistance with any information or video of the shooting to contact us a 203-977-4417."Police have released a video of the shooting — which is graphic and not suitable for children — which can be viewed here Officers in the downtown area heard numerous gunshots and encountered a chaotic scene in which five people had been shot, police said. They also discovered and secured several crime scenes that stretched two blocks. "People were shot way down the block, some ran and fled and then collapsed. These bullets just kept flying," Conklin said.The shooting began after a fight broke out outside Tino's, nightclub at 84 W. Park Pl., Conklin said. "There were more than 20 people involved in a large physical fight … they were throwing items, kicking, punching and the suspect pulled out a semi-automatic and fires numerous shots into the crowd," Conklin said.Responding officers gave out a preliminary description of a possible suspect and that suspect was quickly detained by Patrol Officers Velez, Costello and Federline near the intersection of Atlantic and Bank Streets, a neighborhood with several popular nightspots.The suspect was identified as Dayron Wills, 22, whose last known address is 300 Tresser Blvd., Stamford. According to police, Wills admitted to his involvement in the shooting and told officers that he discarded the weapon near the intersection of Atlantic and Bank streets, where they recovered the loaded .40 caliber handgun.Conklin said Wills received a valid pistol permit two weeks ago. "He's probably set a record for receiving and losing a pistol permit" as police have seized the permit and begun revocation procedures, Conklin said.The officers also seized a small amount of marijuana from Wills. Conklin said Wills is facing five counts of each of first-degree assault and first-degree reckless endangerment, and one count each of unlawful discharge of a firearm and possession of marijuana. He is being held on $1 million bond and will be arraigned Monday, July 14 in state Superior Court in Stamford, Conklin said.The Stamford Police Bureau of Criminal Investigation spent the night processing multiple crime scenes. Video evidence was recovered which shows Wills indiscriminately firing his weapon into a crowd and towards the crowded downtown area, thus striking five innocent persons, police said in their statement.All victims were transported to Stamford Hospital for treatment. Four males and one female were treated for gunshot wounds to their upper and lower extremities and at this time all victims injuries appear to be non-life threatening.