Barely five days into the new year and Erie had its first fatal shooting of 2014.  A 27-year-old Erie man was shot in the chest and killed Sunday shortly before 1 a.m. during a private party being held at the East Erie Turners building at 829 Parade St., Erie police said. Another man and two women suffered gunshot wounds that weren't life-threatening, police said.  "This is our first homicide of the year," Erie Police Chief Randy Bowers said. "Not the start we wanted.  "I'm confident we'll be able to solve this and make an arrest," he said.  The three wounded people -- a 20-year-old man and women ages 19 and 18, were taken to UPMC Hamot, Bowers said. All three were shot in the leg and the 19-year-old woman also was shot in the wrist, he said.  Their names weren't available.  Erie County Coroner Lyell Cook wasn't identifying the dead man Sunday.  "We won't be releasing anything more until after the autopsy," he said.  Cook said the autopsy was scheduled for today.  Erie police would not identify any of the four victims Sunday. Bowers said it is his department's policy to not identify a person killed before the coroner's office, and he was receiving unreliable information about the other three victims.  Bowers said the 27-year-old man was pronounced dead at Hamot, where a crowd gathered after the victims were taken there.  He said Sunday that police were working on the theory that there was a single shooter.  Police said the incident happened inside during a private party being held in a second-floor ballroom of the Parade Street building, with between 100 and 200 people there.  "It was quite the scene of confusion when our officers responded," the chief said.  Police were called there Sunday at 12:54 a.m.  Police also responded to Hamot after a group followed the victims there.  Erie police called in state police and the sheriff's office to assist with crowd control.  "Typically when there's multiple victims taken to any hospital, it's usually chaotic at the ER," Bowers said.  Hamot spokeswoman Caroline Manino said police controlled the crowd outside while Hamot staff secured the emergency department.  She said that no patients had to be diverted elsewhere.  Erie police also were looking into reports of a house being shot at multiple times near the intersection of East 23rd and Holland streets. The calls came in around 3 a.m. Sunday, and Bowers said they are treating it as if it is connected to the Parade Street shooting.  "We can't say for sure," Bowers said. "But we're going to investigate it as if it's related."  Bowers said no one was injured in that incident.  Bowers said police were still interviewing potential witnesses Sunday and asked others to call police at 870-1120 or Det. Lt. Jon Peters at 870-1159.  "We need them to come forward and tell us what they saw," Bowers said.  Kim Janda, who lives near East 10th and Parade streets, was walking later Sunday morning near the shooting site. Yellow crime tape was still stretched in front of the building and a police officer sat in a cruiser nearby.  Janda said there had been other shootings in that area in the past year.  "It's definitely exciting when they get wild on the weekend," she said.  Bowers said police were planning to execute a search warrant on the building, which he said has been "a source of problems."  It was the first fatal shooting in the city in 2014. In 2013, Erie saw four homicides by gunfire and a total of 49 people injured or killed by gunfire, according to Erie police.  The new year had begun with a shooting during a Wednesday fight at an Erie tavern in which two men suffered leg wounds.  An Erie man was arraigned Friday on charges related to that shooting.  "We started off with our first shooting last week," Bowers said. "We made an arrest."  Staff writer Kevin Flowers contributed to this report.  DANA MASSING can be reached at 870-1729 or by e-mail. Follow her on Twitter at twitter.com/ETNmassing. SEAN McCRACKEN can be reached at 870-1714 or by e-mail. Follow him on Twitter at twitter.com/ETNmccracken.