Serenity Marie's bus was at a stoplight on Stony Island when she heard a quick burst of gunfire just outside her window.  "I saw cars heading into the parking lot and I heard a bunch of gunshots, people screaming and cars speeding and swerving to get out of the area,” said Marie, 22. “It is a blessing that everyone survived.”  Police say four people were hit as they stood in the parking lot of a Pizza Hut at 67th Street and Stony Island Avenue around 10:40 p.m. Monday. A 16-year-old girl was shot in the thigh; a woman, 22, was wounded in the neck; another woman, 18, suffered a graze wound to the stomach; and a man, 26, was shot in the leg.  Their conditions were all stabilized, according to police.  The shots were fired from a white car as it sped past the Pizza Hut and other stores in a strip mall. Police said the victims were not affiliated with gangs, and investigators were unsure of a motive. Two of the victims worked at the Pizza Hut, police said.  Marie said she didn't see the gunman's car but saw people get shot. "It was very disturbing to witness something like that, but that's usually something common in our neighborhoods right now," she said.  From his home across Stony Island from the Pizza Hut, real estate investor Mark J. Wallace said he heard 10 to 15 gunshots.  4 shot near Pizza Hut in strip mall parking lot 4 shot near Pizza Hut in strip mall parking lot 4 shot near Pizza Hut in strip mall parking lot See more videos  After police secured the scene, Wallace walked to the grassy median and watched detectives search for evidence. Police used yellow evidence markers, orange cones and index cards to mark 9 mm shell casings on the ground.  The shooting saddened Wallace, who works in real estate and also hosts a twice-weekly radio show devoted to issues in the news.  “We’re outraged about police officers shooting,” Wallace said. “But we’re having daily shootings here in our cities, and there doesn’t seem to be the same kind of outrage about that. I think we should have just as much outrage about what’s happening daily in our communities.”  