David Torres One of the shooting victims is wheeled on a stretcher by emergency personnel.  At least five people were shot, one fatally, in a string of early morning shootings Monday.  A gunman opened fire into a crowd in Crown Heights that had already begun festivities for the West Indian Day Parade about 3:30 a.m., police said, hitting three people and an unmarked police vehicle.  A 55-year-old man, shot in the midsection, died at the scene at the corner of Empire Blvd. and Rogers Ave. — about six blocks from the route of the parade, which kicked off at 11 a.m.  A 22-year-old woman was shot in the ankle and a 22-year-old man was shot in the leg, cops said. Both were taken to Kings County Hospital in stable condition.  David Torres An unmarked police car was also hit, with shattered glass injuring an NYPD detective.  A round also shattered a window of an unmarked police vehicle, showering an NYPD detective inside with glass, officials said. He was treated and released from SUNY Downstate Medical Center.  A 26-year-old suspect was taken into custody in the fatal shooting and a firearm was recovered, cops said.  Police Commissioner William Bratton called the suspect a “career criminal” and said he was recently paroled. His name wasn’t immediately released.  David Torres At least five people were shot in early morning gunfire Monday, with one man (not pictured) dying at the scene.  Minutes later, a 28-year-old woman was shot in the butt on Utica Ave. near St. John’s Place, just two blocks from the parade’s Eastern Parkway route, officials said.  She was taken to Kings County Hospital with a non-life-threatening wound. There were no arrests in her shooting.  Just three blocks from the earlier fatal triple shooting, a 22-year-old man was shot in the foot near McKeever Place and Sullivan Place at 4:35 a.m., cops said. The victim, who was uncooperative with investigators, was taken to Kings County Hospital with a non-life-threatening wound. There were no immediate arrests.  With News Wire Services  bpaddock@nydailynews.com