Officials with the Colleton County Sheriff's Office said Friday that three of the six people they were looking for in connection to a shooting have turned themselves in.  Officials with the Colleton County Sheriff's Office said Friday that three of the six people they were looking for in connection to a shooting have turned themselves in.  WALTERBORO, S.C. (WCIV) -- One person was killed and six others were injured during a shooting at a Colleton County home early Sunday morning.  According to a Colleton County Sheriff's Office spokesman, the shootings happened on Sandy Dam Lane shortly before 7 a.m. Sunday.  “Put this on his leg and put pressure on it so, it can stop bleeding,” said one victim's aunt as she tried to seek help from 911 dispatchers.  Dispatcher: “Do you know if the bullet went all the way through?”  Caller: “I'm not sure, it's still dark outside and I can't see.”  The caller told dispatchers her nephew had been shot in the leg and a second man, 27-year old Elijah Mikel, had been shot in the back. Mikel was pronounced dead at the scene.  “He said somebody rolled by and they were sitting out on the porch,” the caller told dispatchers.  Fire and rescue officials said four people, including the fatally wounded person, were at the scene. Two others had been taken by private cars to a nearby hospital. Deputies said two victims were taken to Medical University Hospital, one was taken to Trident Medical Center, and the last two victims were taken to a third hospital.  “I just got a gentleman that has been shot come through the front door. We're not sure where it happened. He's not talking much,” said a Colleton Medical nurse who called 911. “He's got a green bandana on. That's all I can tell you.”  Shortly after 10 a.m., tow trucks took two cars from the scene of the shooting.  Originally officials had said there were a total of six victims. Later that night, investigators identified an additional victim, who was grazed by a bullet but not transported for medical review.  Detectives were also able to determine that the incident was gang related but the motive for the shooting is still under investigation.  “It is evidence that drugs as well as alcohol was at the location, as well as found at the scenery. I can't say to what extent an actual green bandana was connected to the group,” said Colleton County Sheriff Andy Strickland. “I can't necessarily say they were connected to just one family. There was a particular group of men who hung out together.”  Residents who live on Sandy Dam Lane were denied access to their homes while deputies investigated the area. Family members of two of the victims said there was a gathering at the home before when there was an argument that escalated to a shooting.  Officials say all of the living victims are in stable condition. One has been released from an area hospital.  No details on a possible suspect have been released.