Man, woman and two children found dead in suburban upstate New York quadruple murder  The four people found slain inside their suburban upstate New York home were two adults and two boys, ages 7 and 10, authorities said Thursday  The adults were a 37-year-old man and a 39-year-old woman, but officials weren't saying how the four were related  Officials refused to comment about whether the deaths, which were discovered Wednesday afternoon, were a murder-suicide or whether the victims were targeted  The four were of Chinese descent, officials said, but disclosed no other information  However, it has been reported the victims were a family with ties to a local Chinese restaurant  Two boys, ages 7 and 10, and two adults were found slain inside their suburban upstate New York home, authorities said Thursday as they sought the public's help in their investigation.  The adults were a 37-year-old man and a 39-year-old woman, but officials weren't saying how the four were related.  The victims' names were being withheld while relatives were notified, Albany County District Attorney David Soares said during a news conference in Guilderland.  Officials refused to comment about whether the deaths, which were discovered Wednesday afternoon, were a murder-suicide or whether the victims were targeted.  'At this point, we don't believe the neighbors have much to fear,' Soares said.  Local media, however, have reported the victims were a family.  Guilderland Police Chief Carol Lawlor speaks during a press conference Thursday as Albany County District Attorney David Soares, left, and New York State Police Capt. Scott Coburn look on  Slain: Officials say the two adults were a 37-year-old man and a 39-year-old woman. Police aren't saying how the four people found were related  Police were still at the scene where the homicides were discovered Thursday  Police, seen Wednesday, have said they had to enlist help from interpreters to question people for their ongoing investigation  Authorities didn't say how the four were killed. Autopsies being conducted Thursday will determine the cause of death, Soares said.  Officials said the four were of Chinese descent, but disclosed no other information. Police said they had to enlist help from interpreters to question people for their ongoing investigation.  Soares said the boy attended classes in the Guilderland school district.  The home where the bodies were found is in a busy residential and commercial stretch of a road just west of Albany.  Several police vehicle remained at the scene Thursday.  Soares and police are asking anyone who may have seen anything suspicious around the home Wednesday afternoon to contact investigators on a telephone tip line: 1-800-448-3847.  The victims had ties to a Chinese restaurant, called King's Wok Restaurant, according to local media reports.  'Right now, I'm still not believe what happened,' a female employee told News10 on Wednesday.  'Do you know why this may have happened to them?' the unnamed woman also said. 'She's not hurt somebody. People really kind. Everybody's friends. In the Albany area, we're all friends. We know each other.'  Fellow employee C.C. Chen told The Times-Union Thursday that the victims are relatives of Kam Lo, who owns King's Wok.  Lo owns the home where the victims were found, the newspaper reported.  'We just saw them yesterday,' Chen told The Times-Union. 'They always come to the restaurant.'  Local media reported the victims had ties to a Chinese restaurant  Police secure the scene of the quadruple homicide Wednesday  The slain adults sometimes worked at King's Wok, two women claiming to be family members told WNYT.  Chen Lin, a friend of the family, told News 10 'They are nice. I know there's two boys and the wife and the husband. The husband was a funny guy.'  Guilderland Elementary School Principal Allan Lockwood wrote a letter about the two boys on Thursday, the affiliate station reported.  'It is with profound sadness that I write this letter to our Guilderland Elementary community,' Lockwood wrote. 'Earlier this morning, police confirmed that two of our young students, a fifth grader and a second grader, were among the victims of yesterday's tragic crime on Western Avenue in the Town of Guilderland. Police have not released the names of the victims, pending notification of all next of kin, and so we cannot share further details about the students at this time.'