Photo Credit: Kristine Bellino  It was perhaps not the “big weekend” a drinking establishment had in mind as it proclaimed on social media ahead of Friday night. But it is turning into a life-changing weekend for at least four victims of a an early morning shooting now being investigated by police in downtown Utica.    UPDATE: 10/11/2014 11:20pm The Utica Police Officer working alongside the New York State Trooper on a G.I.V.E. patrol in the area of Elizabeth Street and Burnett Street was Officer John Scaramuzzino.  While driving along Burnett Street they heard gunfire. The UPD says they witnessed a man firing a gun and chased hum. According to a post on the department’s Facebook page, “Officer Scaramuzzino came face to face with a suspect who was firing a gun and the officer fired his weapon and stopped the threat. The suspect’s gun was recovered at the scene.”  The victims of the shooting have now been identified and there conditions, as last known, is as follows:  Memphis Delacruz, 22 years old; (serious condition)  Rodney D. Pearson, 23 years old; stable condition)  Adrian Liggins, 31 years old (serious condition)  Ezra McLean, 33 years old; (treated and released)  The suspect has been identified as Calvin A. Dennis from New York City. He was last listed in critical condition at a hospital in Syracuse.  Officer John Scaramuzzino was not injured.  Utica Police say that they believe that Officer Scaramuzzino acted within the law but the District Attorney’s Office will conduct an comprehensive investigation.  UPD officials have said, “Based on the information received from witnesses, Officer Scaramuzzino’s quick action likely saved further bloodshed and perhaps several lives. The Utica Police would also like to express our gratitude to our Law Enforcement partners at the N.Y. State Police and Oneida County Sheriff’s office. Their assistance is greatly appreciated…On behalf of all the members of the Utica Police we appreciate all the calls and messages of support for both Officer Scaramuzzino and the Utica Police.”  UPDATE: 10/11/2014 9:42am In a written release Utica Police have said the following:  “This morning, around 2:14 a.m. a UPD officer and N.Y.S. Trooper working a saturation patrol under Operation GIVE, were in the Elizabeth St/ Burnett St area. They heard several shots being fired from around the corner at Level Bar on Bleecker St. The officers were only a few yards away and they rushed to the scene.  The officers saw approximately 100 people fleeing the bar and observed a man firing a gun. The UPD officer engaged the suspect and fired his weapon striking the suspect and stopping the threat. Officers then learned that there were 4 gunshot victims in and around Level Bar. All were transported to local hospitals and some were transferred to Syracuse for further treatment. The names of those involved and their medical conditions will be released later today, after positive identification is learned.  It is believed that there are dozens of witnesses to this incident, and the UPD is asking for anyone that may have been at the scene and witnessed the events, to please call the UPD at 223-3510.“  Original Story:  Utica Police were called to the Level Bar and Lounge, located at 222 Bleecker Street. Utica Police say there were multiple shooting victims, and a responding officer shot a suspect.  Those injured are being treated at a local hospital. No fatalities have been reported at this time.  In the meantime Utica Police say that GPO Federal Credit Union is now offering a $10,000 reward for information leading to the arrest of the suspect in the September 26th armed robbery of the GPO Federal Credit Union on Genesee Street. Photos and video of the suspect are below:  Photo Credit: Catarina Francesca, used with permission by WIBX / Townsquare Media (GPO) and Utica Police (GPO surveillance camera image)  Reward Offered in GPO Robbery