JOLIET – Police say two gang associates and an innocent bystander were shot Wednesday in an ambush near a grocery store.  None of the victims' wounds were considered life-threatening, Police Chief Brian Benton said.  "At least 10 shots were fired," Benton said.  Benton said three members or associates of a street gang were hanging out at 8:15 p.m. on the front porch of a relative's house near Midland Avenue and John Street.  "Two men who had either come up on foot or bicycle approached the porch and began a confrontation with the men on the porch," Benton said. "They said 'What's up' and then started shooting."  Two of the men on the porch ran inside the house. A 26-year-old man was struck in his right thigh, right ankle and twice in his lower back, according to police reports.  "The other man began running from the porch toward the nearby Jewel. One of the rounds that was fired went past him and struck a completely innocent 38-year-old bystander who had just walked out of the store in his arm," Benton said.  The 24-year-old man who'd run from the porch was struck once in the thigh. A 22-year-old woman may have been injured from a ricochet, but refused medical treatment, Benton said.  The three shooting victims were taken to Presence Saint Joseph Medical Center.  The shooters were described as black or Hispanic men wearing hooded sweatshirts.  Benton said there have been no other recent incidents of violence in the neighborhood, but the rival gang factions had ongoing confrontations throughout the summer.  "This is typically a safe area, but we will have extra squads on patrol (Thursday) to reassure citizens. Our investigators have been extremely active (Thursday) to identify the suspects," Benton said.  Mayor Tom Giarrante said Thursday he was "totally surprised" when police had notified him about the location of the incident.  "I lived a few blocks from there for a long time," Giarrante said. "It's a good neighborhood. You just never know where these things can happen."