Autopsy: 3 victims, suspect died from gunshot wounds in shooting in Trigg County, KY Posted: Sunday, October 26, 2014 3:52 PM EDT Updated: Wednesday, October 29, 2014 12:48 PM EDT  Autopsies confirm that the three victims and the suspect in a deadly shooting in Trigg County, Kentucky all died from gunshot wounds, according to Kentucky State Police.KSP continues to investigate the deadly shooting that happened on Old Dover Road on Sunday, Oct. 26. Police were called to the scene around noon.State police say they found four people shot to death in and around the home.State police have identified three of the shooting victims: Lindsey Champion, 62, Joy A. Champion, 60, and Emily K. Champion, 31.The fourth body is that of 22-year-old Vito Y. Riservato of Hopkinsville, Kentucky, according to KSP.Trooper Jay Thomas says three of the deceased were related to each other. He also said Riservato was not related to the family."This is a pretty gruesome crime," Thomas said. "For something like this to happen. To have multiple murders at one location."KSP continues their investigation and they got a warrant to search the home. Thomas said detectives left the scene just after 6:30 a.m. on Monday, Oct. 27.Autopsies were originally scheduled for Monday at the medical examiner's office in Louisville. Those had been rescheduled for Tuesday in Madisonville, Ky., according to KSP.The Kentucky Medical Examiner is handling the case and the Trigg County coroner also has an investigation into the deaths.The Goodwin Funeral Home in Cadiz, Ky. is handling the arrangements.  According to the funeral home, a joint service will be held for Lindsey, Joy and Emily Champion at the Trigg County High School Gymnasium at 1 p.m. on Sunday, November 2. The Brother Randall Evans, Brother Paul Cannon, Larry Kemp and Nathan Butler are officiating. A visitation will also be held before the funeral service on Sunday from 7 a.m. until the time of the service.  KSP was assisted at the scene by the Trigg County Sheriff's Office, Cadiz Police Department, Trigg County EMS, and the Trigg County Coroner.    Copyright 2014 KFVS. All rights reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this article.