CYPRESS, Texas Sheriff s office investigators say a couple and their two young sons were found shot to death in Cypress on Thursday evening.  The bodies were found in a home in the 14000 block of Fosters Creek in northwest Harris County.  Deputies responded to the residence just before 7 p.m. for a welfare check after a co-worker of the father, who is an engineer, grew concerned.  We re still in the very early stages of this investigation, so I m not able to comment on the cause or manner of death or any evidence inside the building, said Cpt . Rolf Nelson. At this point we are waiting on the medical examiner s office. It s believed to be a family inside. It s a private residence.  Neighbors said the children who lived in the home were under 10 years old. One was in the fourth grade, while the other was a second-grader.  The boys were popular at nearby Sampson Elementary School. They released the following statement:  The Cypress-Fairbanks ISD community is deeply saddened by the loss of two of our Sampson Elementary students. To help our students and staff better cope with this tragedy, additional support staff will be available as long as necessary to help address their needs. Our thoughts and prayers go out to the family, friends and community of Sampson Elementary School.  They were very involved with things in the community, one neighbor told KHOU 11 News. They were always just a nice family to be around. The boys were involved in activities, swimming and sports, so we knew them from that.  However, some neighbors said the family wasn t without their problems. The couple living at the home could be heard at times arguing loudly; sometimes it spilled outside.  Yeah, you could hear some arguments, Randall Duncan said.  From across the street, Duncan said he even saw police.  I think we ve seen them here a couple of times, he said.  So were neighbors, as soon as they saw the cars. On a street where all adults seem to know each other through their children, shock over their loss is an understatement.  Everyone here knows everyone. We know their kids we know their families. You know we know where they work, what they do for a living. So it s just you think it happens other places it doesn t happen to you, Tiffany Bever, another neighbor, said.  Investigators still have not officially identified the victims, but neighbors say there s no doubt who it is.  You never ever think something like this will happen in your neighborhood, across the street from you, Bever said.  Police have not said how the family died, if there were signs of forced entry, or if there is even a suspect.  Autopsies will be performed to determine the cause of death.  Read or Share this story: http://www.khou.com/story/news/local/2014/07/24/12338054/