UPDATE: February 25, 2014  GAINESVILLE, Fla. (WTXL) - The Taylor County Sheriff's Deputy injured in the line of duty during a shooting is showing signs of improvement.  Gretl Plessinger with the Florida Department of Law Enforcement tells WTXL that Deputy Robert Lundy's condition has been upgraded to "stable but serious," after weeks of being listed as "stable but critical."  Lundy continues to recover at Shands Hospital in Gainesville, after undergoing several surgeries. The deputy has been hailed a hero, after he intervened in a shooting at a Perry car dealership on February 5.  UPDATE - Perry, FL (WTXL) - Deputy Robert Lundy has been transferred from Doctor's Memorial Hospital in Perry to UF Shands Hospital in Gainesville.  Lundy was taken to Shands to undergo additional surgeries and to get specialized treatment. Right now he is still listed in critical but stable condition.  PERRY, Fla. (WTXL)--Law enforcement officials are investigating an officer-involved shooting that left three injured and the shooter dead.  The shooting happened Wednesday morning at a car dealership in Perry.  The suspect has been identified as Earl Edward Clauge Jr. He was 51-years old and an employee at Timberland Ford.  The Florida Department of Law Enforcement says Wednesday morning Taylor County Deputy Robert Lundy was on duty, getting his patrol car serviced at the dealership on the 24-hundred block of South Byron Butler Parkway.  That's when FDLE says Claugue crashed his vehicle into the front of the building and opened fire.  FDLE says Deputy Lundy and the suspect exchanged shots and the suspect was killed.  The deputy is in critical condition. The tight-knit community of Perry is just stunned.  "I've known him for a while because I went to school with his stepson," said Michael Parker, a Perry resident. "He's worked there I know for at least 15-20 years and I just couldn't get over the thought. It's just unbelievable. I'm just flabbergasted. I never would've thought he'd done something like that."  Two other people were shot and taken to local hospitals.  Three others received minor injuries.  “The selfless actions of this deputy saved many lives today,” said Taylor County Sheriff L.E. “Bummy” Williams. “The safety of the citizens of Taylor County is our main concern, and Deputy Lundy was willing to risk his own life today to save others. I am proud of his bravery and his heroism is to be commended. Deputy Lundy, his family and the victims are in my prayers.”  FDLE says a motive hasn't been determined yet.  The agency released this timeline of events:  10:28:31 Deputy Lundy radioed shots were fired.  10:29:17 Deputy Lundy announced he had been shot.  10:29:24 In less than one minute after Deputy Lundy’s announcement of shots fired, officers arrived on scene.  11:10 Deputy Lundy went into surgery.  4:00 p.m. Deputy Lundy was in stable, but critical condition.  Feb. 5, 2014 11:36 a.m.  PERRY, Fla. (WTXL) -- Officers are on the scene of a suspected shooting at a Taylor County car dealership.  Florida Department of Law Enforcement, responded to reports of a shooting at 10:30am at Timberland Ford located at 2441 South Byron Butler Parkway in Perry.  According to FDLE a single suspect went into the building and began shooting. The suspect is dead. One Taylor County Deputy was injured and two civilians injured.  WTXL is on scene and will have the very latest updates online and tonight during WTXL news.