FORT WAYNE, Ind. (WANE) –Police said five men were taken to three different Fort Wayne hospitals early Sunday morning after a shooting that involved multiple crime scenes. One of those victims was critically injured in what police are calling a “gun battle.”  According to Chris Felton, a Fort Wayne Police Department spokesperson, at around 4:30 a.m., police responded to an unknown problem in the 1800-block of Fox Point Trail.  When police arrived at the scene, they found two men suffering from gunshot wounds. Both men were taken to the hospital in serious condition. One of the victims was later downgraded to critical condition.  Felton said a car in the 1800-block of Fox Point Trail had several bullet holes in it.  At around 4:50 a.m., two other men showed up a Fort Wayne hospital with gunshot wounds. One of the men was listed in serious condition and the other man was listed in good condition.  Around five minutes later, police were notified that a fifth victim showed up a different local hospital with gunshot wounds. He was listed in good condition, according to Felton.  According to police, investigators found shell casings and broken glass in the intersection of E. Tillman Road and Lafayette Street.  Felton said the evidence shows that some type of “gun battle” took place at that intersection, but there were no victims, vehicles or witnesses located at that scene, according to Felton.  “It’s definitely a puzzle and we have to look for things that can link different crime scenes to each other,” Felton said.  Officers are searching for witnesses and possible surveillance video from nearby businesses. Investigators will also be interviewing the victims.  Felton said as of Sunday morning, police are unsure if all five victims are related to the same shooting.  Police said it is too early to tell if this shooting was gang-related.  According to Felton, there were no suspects in custody as of Sunday morning.  Anyone with information regarding this shooting is asked to call the Fort Wayne Police Department at (260) 427-1222, Fort Wayne Crime Stoppers, or use the anonymous reporting feature on www.fwpd.org.  Share this: Email  Print  Twitter  Facebook  Google  More  Pinterest  Like this: Like Loading...