PORTLAND, Ore. - Multiple gunshots fired near the Mystic Gentleman's Club in S.E. Portland on Saturday night left two people in critical condition.  Police said 26-year-old Brian Thomas Rizzo, a bouncer at the club, has life-threatening injuries, and the suspected gunman is also in critical condition at a Portland hospital.  Police are not releasing the name of the suspect until they can find and notify his family.  Gonzalo Zamora-Hernandez, 31, and Nichole Danielle Procter, 27, were treated and released from the hospital.  Portland police detectives said the shooting was reported just before 9 p.m. Saturday at the intersection of S.E. 99th Ave. and S.E. Stark St.  Police on Sunday afternoon said they believe the gunman went in and started shooting, hitting the three victims. As he was on his way out, somebody at the bar shot him. Police are not identifying that person because they have not been charged with a crime.  A DJ who works at the club and witnessed the shooting told KATU it was another bouncer who shot the suspect.    "I know that he’s a military vet, does have a concealed weapons permit, and took matters into his own hands to save everyone else," Ian Boynton said. "As far as we're concerned, he’s a hero."  Police said they don't think the shooting is gang-related, but Boynton spoke to the risks of working in the industry.    "You’ve got alcohol involved, aggression, and you’re going to throw some people out. You’re going to make somebody mad," he said.  More than three hours later, officers remained on the scene.  "It's not something you would expect, especially at this time of night," said John Moller, a witness to the shooting and a friend of one of the people shot. "It's usually pretty mellow around here."  Moller said it looked to him as though someone shot one of the bouncers at the club, then another person fired back in retaliation.  "The investigation is ongoing, but detectives believe there are no outstanding suspects in this incident," said Portland Police Sgt. Greg Stewart.  Saturday's shooting was not the first time the club had seen violence. In 2012, Robert Ford, Jr. died after someone shot at him outside the club. Three people were arrested in his death. One of them remains in custody on murder charges.  KATU's Erica Nochlin contributed to this report.