Man Dies After Being Shot at West Garfield Park Party; Five Others Wounded View Full Caption  WEST GARFIELD PARK — A man is dead and five others are wounded after two gunmen opened fire on a party in a West Garfield Park home Saturday morning.  The incident occurred about 1:10 a.m. in the 4300 block of West Wilcox Street when a gunman in an alley fired on a group of people gathered in a second-floor rear porch of a two-flat building, said Officer Janel Sedevic, a police spokeswoman.  "There were dozens of people there," said Adrianna Dunkines, 20, who left the party before the shooting to go to bed at her home on the same block. "It was just a party: music, dancing and drinking."  After people ran inside the building, they were met by another gunman who entered through the front of the building.  Dunkines woke up to the sound of police sirens and heard from those at the party that the shooting started in an alley next to the house. After daylight broke, she said she noticed newly smeared blood on the front door of the house, uncertain if any of those injured in the incident were people she knew.  A 24 year-old man who was shot in his head and throat was pronounced dead at 3:04 a.m. at Stroger Hospital, according to police and the Cook County Medical Examiner's Office.  He was identified as Jordan Harris, of the 3000 block of West Jackson Boulevard.  The house, which is across the street from Heffernan Elementary School and is along a Safe Passage route serving that school, is well-known in the neighborhood for holding Friday night parties about twice a month, Dunkines said.  "We just go there to have fun," Dunkines said. "There's no reason for anyone to shoot anyone there."  Hours after the shooting, a group of men who were standing on the second-floor porch of the home refused to comment.  Police said the shooting was under investigation and wouldn't comment if the home or anyone attending the party had gang connections.  The other victims in the shooting included:  • A 25-year-old woman who was shot in her buttocks and is in stable condition at Stroger.  • A 23-year-old man who was shot in his back shoulder and is in critical condition at Mount Sinai Hospital.  • A 32-year-old man who was shot in his stomach and is in stable condition at Mount Sinai Hospital. • A 43-year-old man who was shot in his leg and is in good condition at Rush University Medical Center. • A 27-year-old woman who was shot in her foot and is in good condition at Mount Sinai.  At least 13 people were injured by gunfire in Chicago since Friday night.