19-year-old Wali Clanton was shot and killed at a pool party in Fayette County. (Photo: Marqes Woods)  FAYETTE COUNTY, Ga. -- Tributes are pouring in for a teen killed Saturday night in a shooting at a Fayette County pool party.  The shooting happened shortly before midnight in the 600 block of Highway 279. Approximately 200 teenagers attended the get-together.  Fayette County Sheriff Barry Babb said the homeowner tried to shut down the party. People cleared out, leaving beer bottles and tire marks all over the lawn. That's when someone pulled out a gun.  "I heard at least 10 to 13 shots," witness Marqes Woods said.  Babb said five people were shot. Wali Clanton, 19, of Stockbridge was struck in the chest and killed.  "It's crazy. A teenager is dead, over nothing," Woods said. "I just want to know why. Was is really that important to take a life?"  Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay    Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show Captions Last SlideNext Slide  Three more male victims were hurt. A female party goer was also shot in the ankle.  Clanton passed away on the way to an area hospital. Two of the surviving victims were taken to Grady Memorial Hospital, while the other two were transported to Atlanta Medical Center. Their names were not released. Babb said none of their injuries were considered life-threatening.  "He's a phenomenal kid," said Wali Clanton Sr. who flew up from Tampa Sunday afternoon. "He's just an awesome kid."  Clanton graduated from Dutchtown High School in Henry County in 2014. He played football at Kentucky State University and was studying to be a physician's assistant.  Kentucky State issued a statement on Monday saying:  The Kentucky State University community is deeply saddened by the loss of one of our students. Wali Clanton had been an involved and active student on campus, where he showed interest in and walked on last fall as a freshman member of KSU's football team. A potential nursing student, Wali often assisted with the university's Student Health Center activities and was always ready with a big smile.  We were certainly upset upon hearing the news of this young man's tragic death in Georgia. He will remain in our thoughts as the campus community comes together in light of this tragedy. We offer our deepest sympathy and support to Wali Clanton's family and friends.  Twitter tributes to Clanton describe him as a sweet young man with big dreams. Woods said he wants to see his killer brought to justice.  While sheriff's investigators are following several strong leads, they have not yet made an arrest in the shooting.  Five teens were shot at a pool party in Fayette County (Photo: WXIA)  LIKE 11Alive's Facebook page to get the latest breaking news and weather alerts, plus discuss trending topics! Download the 11Alive News app to get the latest news while you're on the go! It's free! iTunes | Android  19-year-old Wali Clanton, Jr. was shot and killed at a pool party in Fayette County. WXIA  Read or Share this story: http://on.11alive.com/1JNZKNc