Members of a neighboring church attended a special service before walking over to the Emanuel AME church to pay their respect to the victims lost in the mass shooting. WCNC  Emergency crews respond to the scene of a shooting in downtown Charleston, S.C., on June 17, 2015. (Photo: WPEC CBS12)  CHARLESTON, S.C. — Nine people have died in a shooting at a historic black church in Charleston, S.C., police said early Thursday morning.  "I do believe this was a hate crime," Police Chief Gregory Mullen said.  Eight people died on the scene at the Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church and one person was pronounced dead at a hospital, Mullen said. The suspect, who remains on the loose, is a white male about 21 years old, officials said.  Authorities are looking for a young white man in connection to the massacre at the historic Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church in Charleston, SC where a gunman opened fire, killing nine people. WLTX TV  The shooting took place at about 9 p.m. ET on Wednesday. Charleston Police released photos of the suspect during a news conference that started at 6 a.m. ET Thursday, and said he left the scene in a black four door sedan. He is described as "armed and dangerous."  #Breaking Charleston PD have released this flyer/pics of suspect in mass shooting at a South Carolina church @FOX59pic.twitter.com/6TD0azzt7D — Kristin Kane (@KristinKaneNews) June 18, 2015  Church members were shot as they took part in shot at bible study, the NAACP said. Dot Scott, president of the Charleston NAACP, said a female survivor told family members that the gunman initially sat down in the church for a while before opening fire, the Post and Courier reported. Scott added that the gunman reportedly told the woman he was letting her live so she could tell others what happened.  Among the dead was the state senator who was pastor of the church, Democrat Clementa Pinckney, said South Carolina House Minority Leader Todd Rutherford, the Associated Press reported. Pinckney, 41, was married with two children and had served in the state Senate since 2000, according to online biographies.  People were taking part in a prayer meeting at the time of the incident, Mayor Joe Riley said during the press conference.  "This is inexplicable," Riley said. "It is the most intolerable and unbelievable act possible ... The only reason someone could walk into church and shoot people praying is out of hate."  Clementa Pinckney. (Photo: WLTX)  Said Police Chief Mullen: "This is a tragedy that no community should have to experience. It is senseless. It is unfathomable that someone would walk into a church when people are having a prayer meeting and take their lives."  Mullen said the FBI would aid the investigation.  Emanuel is the oldest AME church in the South and has one of the oldest and largest black congregations south of Baltimore, according to its website. Denmark Vesey, executed for attempting to organize a major slave rebellion in 1822, was one of the founders.  The Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church sits at 110 Calhoun St. in Charleston, S.C. (Photo: Facebook)  The suspect is a clean-shaven young white male, about 5 feet 9 inches tall, of slender build and with sandy blond hair. He was wearing a gray sweatshirt or hoodie, blue jeans and Timberland boots, officials said.  Pinckney was a native of Beaufort, S.C., and graduated magna cum laude from Allen University in 1995. He received a master's of divinity degree from the Lutheran Theological Southern Seminary and a master's degree in public administration from the University of South Carolina. He was elected to the South Carolina House in 1996, when he was 23, and was elected to the state Senate in 2000.  Community organizer Christopher Cason said he believed the shootings were racially motivated, the AP reported. "I am very tired of people telling me that I don't have the right to be angry," he said. "I am very angry right now."  Cornell William Brooks, president and CEO of the NAACP, said in a statement: "The NAACP was founded to fight against racial hatred and we are outraged that 106 years later, we are faced today with another mass hate crime.  "There is no greater coward than a criminal who enters a house of God and slaughters innocent people engaged in the study of scripture."  In a statement, Gov. Nikki Haley asked people to pray for the victims and their families. "While we do not yet know all of the details, we do know that we'll never understand what motivates anyone to enter one of our places of worship and take the life of another," she said.  Tonight we stand in prayer for Pastor Pinckney and his congregation, and the families who are enduring unimaginable pain at their loss. — Tim Scott (@SenatorTimScott) June 18, 2015  Senator Tim Scott, who last year became the first African American elected to the U.S. Senate from the south since Reconstruction, said in a statement that he will be leaving Washington to return home to South Carolina as soon as possible.  "My heart is breaking for Charleston and South Carolina tonight," he said. "This senseless tragedy at a place of worship — where we come together to laugh, love and rejoice in God's name — is absolutely despicable and can never be understood."  Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, who was in Charleston hours before the shooting, tweeted: "Heartbreaking news from Charleston - my thoughts and prayers are with you all. -H."  Republican presidential candidate Jeb Bush canceled his events in the city, where he was scheduled to campaign Thursday.  "Governor Bush's thoughts and prayers are with the individuals and families affected by this tragedy," his spokesperson Allie Brandenburger said in a statement.  Breaking: @CharlestonPD confirm shooting unclear officially how many hurt. Saw 1 transported @ABCNews4#chsnews#chspic.twitter.com/Z445Jw6f6T — Jason Tighe (@jtighe08) June 18, 2015  Video: Waiting for details on @CharlestonPD scene in downtown #chs#chsnews@ABCNews4pic.twitter.com/vDvlFlM29n — Jason Tighe (@jtighe08) June 18, 2015  CHARLESTON, S.C. CHURCH SHOOTING South Carolina govenor to address the Confederate flag issue | 00:19 South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley is expected to call for the Confederate flag to be removed from the state capitol. Kinfay Moroti/USA Today 1 of 42 CHARLESTON, S.C. CHURCH SHOOTING Large crowd gathers as Emanuel AME church holds service | 01:44 A message of hope was spread through Emanuel AME Church in Charleston on Sunday. The church held its first worship service since a shooting that left 9 people dead. Even those that had to worship outside were happy to be there. WLTX TV 2 of 42 CHARLESTON, S.C. CHURCH SHOOTING Church's message of hope rings out in Charleston | 01:10 Members of Mother Emanuel AME Church return to service Sunday in Charleston, South Carolina. Thousands of people listened to the service outside the church. Kinfay Moroti/ USA TODAY 3 of 42 CHARLESTON, S.C. CHURCH SHOOTING 1st Church Service Held after Bible Study Attack | 02:05 Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church opened its doors on Sunday for the first time following a deadly shooting that killed 9 church members. (June 21) AP 4 of 42 CHARLESTON, S.C. CHURCH SHOOTING Raw: Bells Toll in Honor of Slain Church Members | 01:55 Church bells rang throughout Charleston in remembrance of nine people who were slain during a Bible study. (June 21) AP 5 of 42 CHARLESTON, S.C. CHURCH SHOOTING 1st Church Service Held After SC Shooting | 01:42 Members of a historic black church worshiped at their sanctuary Sunday for the first time since a gunman opened fire at a Bible study, killing nine people. (June 21) AP 6 of 42 CHARLESTON, S.C. CHURCH SHOOTING Faith leaders hold interfaith, interracial prayer service | 01:42 A time of mourning after the Charleston church shooting in South Carolina is bringing people together from different races and religions. VPC 7 of 42 CHARLESTON, S.C. CHURCH SHOOTING Mass killing alludes to Charleston's historic racial strife | 02:34 The mass killing in Charleston, South Carolina alludes to the city's historic racial strife. Local resident share their thoughts on Charleston's past, present and future. VIDEO BY KINFAY MOROTI/USA TODAY 8 of 42 CHARLESTON, S.C. CHURCH SHOOTING Roof's purported manifesto under investigation | 01:04 A manifesto purportedly written by accused killer Dylann Roof could explain why Charleston was targeted in the church shootings and what motivated the deadly attack. VPC 9 of 42 CHARLESTON, S.C. CHURCH SHOOTING Charleston shooting victims were loved, respected | 01:12 Loved ones share their memories of those killed in the shooting at Charleston's Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church as well as their thoughts on the accused killer Dylann Roof. VPC 10 of 42 CHARLESTON, S.C. CHURCH SHOOTING Charleston unites to remember church shooting victims | 01:21 Charleston residents joined hands and voices at the city's first official vigil following the murders of nine people at the historic Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church. WCNC 11 of 42 CHARLESTON, S.C. CHURCH SHOOTING Armed posses to protect black churches in Arizona | 01:12 Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio will send armed posses of volunteers to 60 black churches around Phoenix, following the deadly attack on a historically black church in Charleston. Arpaio's office has previously been accused of racial profiling. VPC 12 of 42 CHARLESTON, S.C. CHURCH SHOOTING Charleston shooting shines spotlight on Confederate flag | 01:29 The murders of nine African Americans inside a historically black Charleston church have reignited calls to take down the Confederate flag outside South Carolina's Statehouse, but the historic symbol won't come down easily, if it does at all. VPC 13 of 42 CHARLESTON, S.C. CHURCH SHOOTING Finding forgiveness in Charleston | 02:20 Charleston residents share thier thoughts Friday on forgiving Dylan Roof, who has been charged with nine counts of murder in the shooting at Emanuel AME Church is Charleston, South Carolina. Video by Kinfay Moroti/USA TODAY 14 of 42 CHARLESTON, S.C. CHURCH SHOOTING 'I forgive you.' Charleston victims' families send powerful message | 01:34 Family members of the nine victims killed in a shooting at a Charleston church confronted the suspect Dylann Roof in court Friday, sending a powerful and emotional message. VPC 15 of 42 CHARLESTON, S.C. CHURCH SHOOTING Charleston mayor: Death penalty likely to be sought | 00:36 Charleston, South Carolina Mayor Joseph Riley said although he doesn't condone the death penalty, he thinks prosecutors will seek it in the Emanuel AME church shooting. VPC 16 of 42 CHARLESTON, S.C. CHURCH SHOOTING Keeping churches safe: Pastors seek help after shooting | 01:08 In the aftermath of the Charleston, S.C. shooting, a North Carolina police department is offering special training sessions for religious leaders who want to know how to bette keep their congregations safe. VPC 17 of 42 CHARLESTON, S.C. CHURCH SHOOTING Images of Dylann Roof suggest racist ideology | 00:56 The 21-year-old man accused of killing nine people as they worshiped at a Charleston, South Carolina church has a criminal past. Dylann Roof was arrested twice this year and images of him posted to social media seem to show a racist ideology. WCNC 18 of 42 CHARLESTON, S.C. CHURCH SHOOTING Shooting victims' families to Dylann Roof: We 'forgive you' | 07:04 Dylann Roof, the suspect in the mass shootings that killed nine at a Charleston church, appeared in court for his bond hearing Friday. Family members of the victims addressed Roof emotionally, and said that they "forgive" him and "hate won't win." USA TODAY 19 of 42 CHARLESTON, S.C. CHURCH SHOOTING Charleston youths coping with aftermath of church shooting | 01:18 Families talk about the challenges of explaining the Charleston church shooting to young children. VPC 20 of 42 CHARLESTON, S.C. CHURCH SHOOTING Dylann Roof led from station in bullet proof vest | 00:43 Dylann Roof, the 21-year-old accused of shooting and killing nine people at Emanuel AME Church in Charleston, SC is led out of the Shelby, NC Police Dept. in handcuffs and a bullet proof vest. He was caught in Shelby with the help of a tip. WCNC 21 of 42 CHARLESTON, S.C. CHURCH SHOOTING Memorial grows in Charleston one day after shooting | 00:40 A memorial for the nine people who died at Emanuel AME Church in Charleston when a gunman opened fire on a prayer service is growing, as people gather to pay tribute to the dead while focusing on healing. VPC 22 of 42 CHARLESTON, S.C. CHURCH SHOOTING Jon Stewart skips jokes, gets serious about Charleston | 01:37 Jon Stewart's latest 'Daily Show' appearance was a somber one — in the wake of the tragedy in Charleston, South Carolina, where Dylann Roof is accused of killing six women and three men Wednesday, Stewart decided to forego his usual jokes completely. USA TODAY 23 of 42 CHARLESTON, S.C. CHURCH SHOOTING Florist's tip led to capture of Charleston shooting suspect | 01:49 The suspect in the mass shotting at a Charleston church, Dylann Storm Roof, was captured in Shelby, North Carolina, thanks to a tip from a local florist. WCNC-TV 24 of 42 CHARLESTON, S.C. CHURCH SHOOTING Nighttime images of a church shattered by shooting | 00:39 Night at Emanuel A.M.E Church in Charleston, South Carolina is filled with despair, remembrance and small flames of hope, Video by Kinfay Moroti/USA TODAY USA TODAY 25 of 42 CHARLESTON, S.C. CHURCH SHOOTING Hundreds gather at Charleston church to pay respect | 01:48 Members of a neighboring church attended a special service before walking over to the Emanuel AME church to pay their respect to the victims lost in the mass shooting. WCNC 26 of 42 CHARLESTON, S.C. CHURCH SHOOTING Charleston shooting victims include pastors, recent grad | 04:52 The community of Charleston, SC is coming together to remember the lives of those killed inside the Emanuel AME Church. VPC 27 of 42 CHARLESTON, S.C. CHURCH SHOOTING Charleston residents struggle to understand shooting | 01:08 Scenes from the Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church on Thursday in Charleston, South Carolina. Nine people were killed in a mass shooting Wednesday during service. Kinfay Moroti, Gannett 28 of 42 CHARLESTON, S.C. CHURCH SHOOTING Historic black churches rethink security after shooting | 01:49 On the heels of the Charleston, South Carolina church massacre, historic black churches in Atlanta not only grieve, but rethink security measures. WXIA-TV, Atlanta 29 of 42 CHARLESTON, S.C. CHURCH SHOOTING A 'heartbroken' Charleston gathers to mourn shooting victims | 00:57 Hundreds gathered to pay tribute to the nine victims of a church shooting in Charleston, South Carolina. VPC 30 of 42 CHARLESTON, S.C. CHURCH SHOOTING Suspect arrested in Charleston church shooting | 00:39 Charleston authorities have arrested 21-year-old Dylann Roof in connection with the killing of nine people at Emanuel AME church. Roof was arrested during a traffic stop in Shelby, North Carolina. VPC 31 of 42 CHARLESTON, S.C. CHURCH SHOOTING Raw: See people praying, hugging outside of SC church | 00:55 The community of Charleston, South Carolina is coming together to mourn the victim's of the Emaneul AME Church shooting. USA TODAY 32 of 42 CHARLESTON, S.C. CHURCH SHOOTING Pinckney colleague: 'Biggest heart you could imagine' | 01:25 South Carolina state senators became emotional during Thursday's session as they reflected on slain state Senator Clementa Pinckney, who was among those killed in the Charleston church shooting. His chair was draped in black fabric in his absence. VPC 33 of 42 CHARLESTON, S.C. CHURCH SHOOTING Obama: I've made statements like this 'too many times' | 02:20 President Obama spoke about the tragedy at a church in Charleston, S.C., saying he's made a speech like this too often. The president says he knew the pastor who was killed at the Emanuel AME church, where 9 people were killed while praying. VPC 34 of 42 CHARLESTON, S.C. CHURCH SHOOTING Gov. Haley cries: 'Heart and soul of S.C. was broken' | 01:25 South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley got emotional while speaking at a press conference about the massacre at Emanuel AME church in Charleston where a gunman opened fire at a prayer service killing nine people. WLTX 35 of 42 CHARLESTON, S.C. CHURCH SHOOTING Attorney General: Charleston shooting 'barbaric' | 01:24 Speaking at a press conference, U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch called the shooting that killed 9 people at Emanuel AME church in Charleston, South Carolina both "barbaric" and "heartless." VPC 36 of 42 CHARLESTON, S.C. CHURCH SHOOTING Slain pastor Clementa Pinckney will be 'sorely missed' | 01:07 Pastor Clementa Pinckney is among those killed in a shooting at Emanuel AME Church in Charleston. The 41-year-old was also serving as a South Carolina state senator at the time of his death. WLTX-TV 37 of 42 CHARLESTON, S.C. CHURCH SHOOTING Charleston police: 'We will catch' church shooter | 01:12 Chief Gregory Mullen emphasized his department's commitment to catching the man suspected of killing nine people at the Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church in Charleston. Police confirm they currently do not know where the suspect is. WLTX TV 38 of 42 CHARLESTON, S.C. CHURCH SHOOTING Pastor killed in church massacre was a 'leader' | 01:01 After news of South Carolina state senator and pastor Clementa Pinckney's death at the hands of a gunman at his Charleston church, fellow State Senator Kevin Johnson said Pinckney had a passion for the less fortunate in his state. WLTX 39 of 42 CHARLESTON, S.C. CHURCH SHOOTING 9 dead in Charleston after church massacre | 00:58 Nine people, including state senator Celementa Pinckney, were killed during a shooting at a historic black church in Charleston, S.C. Pinckney was also the pastor of the church. Police say the shooting was a hate crime. VPC 40 of 42 CHARLESTON, S.C. CHURCH SHOOTING Sen. killed in church wanted 'people to feel safe' there | 00:30 The S.C. state Senator and pastor killed when a gunman shot up his Charleston church was an advocate for safe churches. In the state legislator in 2013, Sen. Clementa Pinckney supported a bill that would expand penalties for church vandalism. WLTX 41 of 42 CHARLESTON, S.C. CHURCH SHOOTING Police: Charleston church shooting was a hate crime | 00:54 Authorities are looking for a young white man in connection to the massacre at the historic Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church in Charleston, SC where a gunman opened fire, killing nine people. WLTX TV 42 of 42 Last VideoNext Video South Carolina govenor to address the Confederate flag issue  Large crowd gathers as Emanuel AME church holds service  Church's message of hope rings out in Charleston  1st Church Service Held after Bible Study Attack  Raw: Bells Toll in Honor of Slain Church Members  1st Church Service Held After SC Shooting  Faith leaders hold interfaith, interracial prayer service  Mass killing alludes to Charleston's historic racial strife  Roof's purported manifesto under investigation  Charleston shooting victims were loved, respected  Charleston unites to remember church shooting victims  Armed posses to protect black churches in Arizona  Charleston shooting shines spotlight on Confederate flag  Finding forgiveness in Charleston  'I forgive you.' Charleston victims' families send powerful message  Charleston mayor: Death penalty likely to be sought  Keeping churches safe: Pastors seek help after shooting  Images of Dylann Roof suggest racist ideology  Shooting victims' families to Dylann Roof: We 'forgive you'  Charleston youths coping with aftermath of church shooting  Dylann Roof led from station in bullet proof vest  Memorial grows in Charleston one day after shooting  Jon Stewart skips jokes, gets serious about Charleston  Florist's tip led to capture of Charleston shooting suspect  Nighttime images of a church shattered by shooting  Hundreds gather at Charleston church to pay respect  Charleston shooting victims include pastors, recent grad  Charleston residents struggle to understand shooting  Historic black churches rethink security after shooting  A 'heartbroken' Charleston gathers to mourn shooting victims  Suspect arrested in Charleston church shooting  Raw: See people praying, hugging outside of SC church  Pinckney colleague: 'Biggest heart you could imagine'  Obama: I've made statements like this 'too many times'  Gov. Haley cries: 'Heart and soul of S.C. was broken'  Attorney General: Charleston shooting 'barbaric'  Slain pastor Clementa Pinckney will be 'sorely missed'  Charleston police: 'We will catch' church shooter  Pastor killed in church massacre was a 'leader'  9 dead in Charleston after church massacre  Sen. killed in church wanted 'people to feel safe' there  Police: Charleston church shooting was a hate crime  Contributing: Jane Onyanga-Omara  Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1LgrsTr