UPDATE (5:25pm) -- ROCKFORD, IL-- "a total of 5 people shot in Rockford, 2 deadly,” said Assistant Deputy Chief of the Rockford Police Department, Patrick Hoey.    The scene Wednesday of the 700 block of Oakley Avenue, revealed blood stains on the street and debris—all from a shooting that left two dead and three injured.    Police responding just after 10:30pm Tuesday night to find 28-year-old, Benito Martinez, lying in the street dead from several gunshot wounds.    Rockford police say there was a private birthday party and the information got out via Facebook.    The shooting started when some uninvited guests showed up.    Hoey said, “A typical disagreement where someone grabbed a firearm and shots were fired."    Neighbors say they heard about 15 shots and a black SUV was seen leaving the area.    "As police were arriving, that vehicle sped off and crashed, the driver was apprehended rather quickly and when they were looking inside the car, they found a female had been shot to death in the car,” said Hoey.    The coroner identifies her as 22-year-old, Tirina Mitchell.    Police say that in all, four people were shot--two fatal--and one was injured in the crash; in what has been tragically a very busy new year for investigators.    Rockford Police Chief, Chet Epperson, said, “When we look at the last few days, especially of last night and the quadruple homicide in December, those are horrible acts of violence, and the focus should be on those individuals that committed those acts of violence and our department is working diligently to take those people in to custody."    UPDATE (12:05pm) -- The Winnebago County Coroner's Office has identified the two victims who died as 28 year-old Benito Martinez and 22 year-old Tirina Mitchell. Martinez was shot multiple times and died at the scene. Mitchell also died from multiple gunshot wounds  ROCKFORD (WTVO) -- Two people are dead and two others injured after a pair of shootings on Rockford's West side.  The first shooting happened around 10:30pm in the 700 block of Oakley Tuesday night. Rockford police found one victim when they arrived on the scene, and also discovered a vehicle believed to have been involved in the shooting near Edgemont and Knight. A woman was found dead inside an SUV that had been shot at Police say they are talking to several people of interest right now, including witnesses and potential suspects. No one is in custody at this time. We'll continue to update you as more information becomes available.    