2 boys, 2 girls shot in Opa-locka neighborhood, shooter at large Posted: Monday, June 29, 2015 10:38 PM EDT Updated: Monday, August 24, 2015 10:38 PM EDT  MIAMI (WSVN) -- Officials are investigating after two boys and two girls were shot in Opa-locka Monday night, and one of the recovering victims spoke out about the ordeal from his home.  According to police, the shooting occurred in a parking lot behind The Gardens Apartments along Northwest 30th Avenue and 135th Street, just after 9 p.m. "What we have is a quadruple shooting that occurred," said Assistant City Manager David Chiverton.  Victim Reginald Session, who sustained a gunshot wound to the leg, said he was watching fireworks with friends and family members when the shots rang out. "I was watching the fireworks, and then they came around the corner shooting," said the 12-year-old.  Session was struck in his upper left leg. His cousin, 16-year-old Bernard Cooper, was hit in the hand. Police said two teenage girls were also shot. Investigators said the victims ranged in age from 12 to 16 years old.  When asked what it felt like when the bullet hit him, Session said, "I felt shocked; I didn't know I was shot ... I thought that somebody hit me with a firework."  "We were just getting ready to call them in, but I guess it happened so fast," said Felicia Woodard, Cooper's mother.  After he was shot, Session ran into a nearby convenience store seeking help. "I saw him running across the street, so we just ran, too," said Tanasha Crawford.  Crawford initially mistook each the loud bangs for the fireworks. "I thought it was fireworks. During this time, people do play with fireworks, at the beginning of the Fourth of July," she said. "I thought it was fireworks. It must have been a lot at one time. My girlfriend said, 'No, that's not fireworks. That's bullets.'"  "It was sounding so close, and I knew they were standing in front of my door, so the first thing than came into my mind was, 'They were hit,'" said Woodard, "and it was so scary, a mother's worst nightmare."  According to parents who live in the building, the children had been playing with fireworks all week long, so all of the noises heard Monday night were nothing unusual.  Session's mother, Tamika Knight, said her son eventually made it home. "That's hurtful, to see your child run in the house in a puddle full of blood. That's something unbearable," she said. "You don't think; you lose it."  Paramedics rushed all four victims to Jackson Memorial Hospital. Tuesday night, only Cooper remained hospitalized. They are all expected to be OK.  Officials think the victims were targeted and are not calling it a random shooting. The motive behind the shooting remains under investigation.  Knight said this violence is too common, and it needs to stop. "It don't make no sense that a child can't go outside and play without losing their life or getting hurt or something because people want to be ignorant," she said.  "I've got to get out of here," said Woodard. "This is not a neighborhood to raise no children."  Authorities are now searching for one or two suspects. "We are looking for the shooter, but at this time, we don't have one in custody," said Chiverton.  Addressing the incident, Miami-Dade Schools Superintendent Alberto Carvalho tweeted, "Heartbreaking day in So Fla. as four of our youth are once again victims of senseless violence. Cowardly silence kills. Praying for quick recovery."  As her son continues to recover, Knight implored the subject or subjects to surrender to authorities. "Whoever shot my son, turn yourself in, 'cause if y'all don't, it don't make no sense. Like, that's crazy. You hurt a baby, an innocent baby who ain't do nothing to nobody," she said.  Investigators have received a tip, and they are looking for a dark-colored, four-door sedan, possibly a Chevy. If you have any information on this shooting, call Miami-Dade Crime Stoppers at 305-471-TIPS. Remember, you can always remain anonymous, and you may be eligible for a $1,000 reward.