A man armed with an assault rifle opened fire at a crowded park in Desire Sunday (July 26), shooting at least four people, including a man left critically wounded, New Orleans police said.  The attack came around 6:20 p.m., when Edith Sampson Playground Park at the corner of Piety and Treasure streets was crowded with family gatherings and several children were playing inside two inflatable "space walkers," witnesses said.  "I was scared for my life," said one woman, who asked that her name be withheld for fear of retaliation. "All those children was out there. I just got down and was saying, 'Everybody lay on the ground!' It was sad."  One man, described as about 28 to 30 years old, was gravely wounded in the attack, suffering multiple gunshot wounds to his chest and side, police said. He was transported by New Orleans EMS ambulance to Interim LSU Hospital in critical condition, NOPD spokesman Officer Frank Robertson said.  "He was covered in so much blood, I honestly couldn't even see the entry wounds," said one man who came to his aid until rescuers arrived. "He lost a lot of blood. And he's not a large fella."  The man, who also declined to give his name, said the victim was "gagging for air" as blood from his wounds appeared to flow into his lungs. Police did not have an immediate update on the wounded man's condition.  "It was terrifying for the children," the man said. "They was all crying to be taken home."  Another man and two women also suffered gunshot wounds, but were transported to Tulane Medical Center in private vehicles. Police said their injuries did not appear to be life-threatening. The older of the two women, who is believed to be in her mid-50s, was shot in the arm, according to the woman who asked that her name be withheld.  A fifth person also was reportedly hurt, but NOPD 5th District Cmdr. Christopher Goodly said investigators were waiting to learn if the injury was from a gunshot or some other cause in the chaotic attempt to find safety.  Goodly said the shooter entered the park at the corner of Treasure and Piety, emerging from the front passenger seat of a black sedan, believed to be an Acura TL with darkly tinted windows and a rear spoiler. The suspect was described as having long dreadlocks and was last seen wearing a white tank top and khaki-colored shorts or pants.  After firing several shots, the gunman retreated to the car and escaped eastbound on Treasure Street, Goodly said. At least two suspects, including the shooter, were believed to be in the car, he said.  Goodly said Housing Authority of New Orleans (HANO) police were nearby and responded immediately to the scene. NOPD and New Orleans EMS responders quickly followed, he said.