When Gloria Perez returned home from doing laundry Saturday night, she saw her 10-year-old grandson running toward her car while screaming and covering his bleeding left eye.  The boy, Victor Hernandez, had been hit by a stray bullet about 7:30 p.m. while looking out of his bedroom window at a fight outside his residence at Pacifico Place Apartments on Shenandoah Way in east Orlando.  He was rushed to Arnold Palmer Hospital for Children with likely permanent damage to his left eye.  Meanwhile, three others showed up at a local hospital with gunshot wounds about 15 minutes later.  The three were identified as a 17-year-old boy, Louis Suarez, 21, and Diego Hernandez, whose age wasn't released by police.  A police update Monday included surveillance photos "of interest" of the vehicles in the parking lot at the time of the shooting.  One of the wounded victims didn't cooperate with detectives. While another said he heard a verbal altercation and gunfire before realizing he was shot.  The 17-year-old boy was arrested Sunday on a warrant, a police spokeswoman said, but the charges weren't immediately available.  Additional details emerged Monday in the police report.  Perez declined comment Monday. But her account, along with other witnesses, were included in the report. The incident happened about 7:30 p.m., according to police, when a fight broke out in the parking lot of Pacifico Place Apartments — near Semoran Boulevard and Lake Underhill Road.  Witnesses said they heard between seven and 15 gunshots.  One witness looked out of her window and saw a man hop the fence in front of her home on nearby Diego Street to get to an apartment complex beside hers. She eventually lost sight of him but later saw two vehicles speed away from the area.  Another witness was sitting in a vehicle on nearby Pablo Lane — waiting for her mother to come downstairs — when she heard shots.  She then heard a man say, "Let's go! Let's go! I got it!" The man, who was limping, jumped inside a vehicle and sped away. Police found several vehicles with bulletholes. There was one gunshot through the window of the 10-year-old boy's bedroom.  "I could see blood trails all along the hallways and in the parking lots," an officer said in the report.  twalden@tribpub.com