ST. LOUIS • Another violent night in St. Louis has claimed the lives of at least two men and injured eight other people in six shootings, police say.  Just before 8 p.m. Tuesday, Quincy Hardy, 37, was fatally shot in the 4700 block of Greer Avenue, near Natural Bridge Avenue and North Kingshighway Boulevard, police said. Hardy, who lived in the 2400 block of Sharidge Drive in Jennings, was found lying unconscious in the street with a gunshot wound to his chest. He was pronounced dead at the crime scene. Police said Hardy had what detectives believe were drugs when he was found. Witnesses told police they heard gunfire and saw a black sport utility vehicle drive off.  Three hours later, about 11:15 p.m., Dominique Young, 21, was fatally shot and four people wounded in a drive-by shooting in the 2500 block of Semple Avenue, the same block where Dorain Valentine, 23, of St. Louis, was killed in a shooting about 4:30 a.m. Sunday. Along with Young, two women, 40 and 27 years old, and two men, both 23, also were shot. The victims told police they were standing near a front porch when shots were fired from a passing four-door sedan. Police said the surviving victims were listed as "stable" at hospitals. It was not immediately clear if Tuesday's and Sunday's shootings were connected.  Twenty minutes later, a man, 30 suffered a graze wound to his stomach as he was walking in the 3700 block of Ohio Avenue, police said. He refused medical treatment.  At 1:25 a.m., a man, 62, was shot in the arm at Montclair and Etzel avenues. Police said the man and a 40-year-old woman were sitting in a vehicle when six men approached the vehicle, banging on the outside while one of them pointed a gun at the victims and demanded property. As the male victim backed up the car in an attempt to get away, the gunman fired shots, hitting the driver in the shoulder. The victims drove to a hospital seeking treatment. Police said he was "stable."  Then a man, 43, was hit by gunfire in his right side in the 5200 block of Maple Avenue about 2:20 a.m. Police said he was in a vehicle when a gunman approached. The man feared being robbed and tried to drive off when the shooter fired multiple shots, hitting him in the chest, police said. The victims went to a gas station in the 900 block of Goodfellow Boulevard where someone called for help. The man was taken to a hospital where he was in critical but stable condition.  About 4:40 a.m., a man was shot near West Florissant and Genevieve avenues. Police said arriving officers found the man, 34, suffering from gunshot wounds to his upper torso and thighs. Police said he was in critical and stable condition Wednesday night. Police had no suspects.  The city has had at least 119 homicides so far this year, a more than 60 percent increase over the same time last year. The city is on pace to have 200 homicides this year.