The Orangeburg County Sheriff’s Office is searching for an armed man who witnesses say fired into a crowd outside a club early Saturday, killing one man and injuring several others.  Orangeburg County Sheriff Leroy Ravenell said the shooting happened just after 4 a.m. following a fight at a Bamberg Highway nightclub.  “Our investigators have determined a subject was involved in an altercation in the parking lot of Pit Stop Pub,” he said. “We have a person of interest who we are looking for at this time. Once we obtain more information, we will release it to the media.”  Regional Medical Center staff notified deputies around 4:15 a.m. that several individuals had entered the medical facility to be treated for gunshot wounds. That led investigators to the Pit Stop Pub located about two miles south of Orangeburg.  Officers found an Orangeburg man on the ground in the parking lot. The man was declared dead at the scene.  The person who was killed was 22-year-old Christavius De'Shean Darby of Vine Street in Orangeburg, according to Orangeburg County Coroner Samuetta Marshall.  Witnesses said a man drove off after a fight. As he did so, he fired random shots into a crowd outside of the club.  Three others were also injured. Their injuries are not believed to be life threatening at this point.  A man who lives near the Pit Stop Pub complained about the establishment to Orangeburg County Council in June.  At that time, Ravenell said that statistics indicate that in the past 11 years, the sheriff’s office responded to the location an average of 1.3 times per month. However, he said in 2015 that number went up to twice a month.  In May, three men were charged in two separate assaults that took place during a fight at the nightclub. One person ended up in ICU after the fight.  Club officials could not be reached for on-the-record comments on Saturday.  The sheriff’s office released a composite of the shooting suspect Saturday night.  If anyone has information on the shooting, they are asked to call the sheriff’s office at 803-534-3550 or Crimestoppers at 1-888-CRIME-SC.