Police say gunshots appear to have come from all directions.  Several people were shot - including a security guard - at a Tulsa nightclub overnight Sunday. One person had life-threatening wounds, but an update from Tulsa Police Sergeant Dave Walker indicates the man is expected to survive.  It happened around 2:30 a.m. near Pine and Yale when a fight spilled into the streets outside a bar called The Spot.  Police say the security guard was shot in the foot. The man who was critically hurt was shot in the torso and another shot in the leg.  Before the 911 call came in about a shooting at The Spot nightclub, an officer patrolling the area heard several gunshots. Police say a fight that started inside the club went outside and eventually led to shots being fired.  Police say at least one person was hospitalized in critical condition with life-threatening injuries shot in the stomach. Another victim was shot in the leg. A fourth victim has with a graze wound to his head, and two more victims also showed up to local hospitals after the shooting.  Several cars in the parking lots were hit with gunfire.  Tulsa Police Corporal Dan Miller said at least 200 people were outside the club when the shooting took place.  "We're lucky there weren't a whole lot of people hit, so we're trying to piece together what we can," Miller said. "People outside - most of them saying, 'I didn't see anything, I don't know what you're talking about,' so that's why we got officers at the hospitals trying to talk to the guys who got shot to see if we can find out what's going on."  Police say it's unclear if the people shot outside the club were even involved in the fight that took place indoors.  A neighbor heard the early morning gun shots, but didn't think anything of it until he heard about the multiple people being hit by bullets.  "I'm used to it. I hear this every other weekend down here, I mean not every weekend, it's not uncommon to hear gunshots in this neighborhood," the neighbor said.  Corporal Miller said shots were fired in all directions.  "It looks like it because there's casings back here towards the back; there's casings towards the front, so it looks like there's probably a couple different groups that decided to start shooting," he said.  One neighbor hopes the violence will come to an end.  "Yeah, I'd like it to stop," he said. "I hear stuff at three in the morning, stereos, cars going by, walls shaking my house you know, loud - loud, wake you up out of a dead sleep."  Police are interviewing witnesses at The Spot nightclub shooting to see if any of the victims were involved in the fight.