A gunman in Inglis, Florida, killed two people and injured another before taking his own life, authorities said late Thursday. In this photo, police tape blocks the street to an apartment building after a shooting incident in Hialeah, Florida, on July 27, 2013.  A gunman in Inglis, Florida, killed two people and injured another before taking his own life, authorities said late Thursday. In this photo, police tape blocks the street to an apartment building after a shooting incident in Hialeah, Florida, on July 27, 2013. Reuters/Gaston De Cardenas  Three people have died and one remains in critical condition after a shooting in north Florida, authorities reportedly said. The incident is the second shooting to take place in the United States Thursday.  Authorities believe that a 57-year-old man opened fire at two men on the lawn of a home in Inglis, about 50 miles from Gainesville, Levy County Sheriff's Office spokesman Lt. Scott Tummond said, according to the Associated Press. The gunman was reportedly among the three killed in the incident.  The gunman entered the house located directly across from Inglis Town Hall after shooting the two men, one of whom died, and then fatally shot his estranged wife before killing himself, Tummond reportedly said. Police recovered two guns from the scene.  “Based on information from people on scene, it appears that the incident started due to a domestic situation, but we’re not able to confirm that yet,” Tummond said, according to the Wall Street Journal.  Authorities are investigating the motive behind the shooting and are also trying to determine the relationship of the injured victim to the gunman and his estranged wife. Police reportedly believe that the other man on the lawn was a bystander.  #BREAKING: Deputies respond to shooting outside town hall in Inglis, FL. Witnesses say multiple victims. -@FOX13News pic.twitter.com/W3JQVtpeoN — Tim Williams (@realtimwilliams) October 2, 2015  The shooting comes just hours after a gunman opened fire at Oregon’s Umpqua Community College, killing at least nine people. The shooter, who was identified as Chris Harper Mercer, died during an exchange of gunfire with police.