One person was shot dead and four others were wounded outside a Phoenix nightclub just before dawn.  One victim was in serious condition and three others were in stable condition. They were being treated at three area hospitals.  Phoenix Police Sgt. Trent Crump described the commotion as officers arrived at Seventh Street and Broadway at 5:30 a.m.  “We had vehicles coming out of here literally one crashing a gate,” Crump said. “We ultimately determined those vehicles contained victims that had been shot.”  [PHOTOS: Scenes tied to Sunday's fatal shooting]  Officers searched the area.  “We have detained a couple of people that we found hiding on the property," Crump said. "At this point we don’t know what their involvement is in this.”  Crump said scene supervisors were still trying to piece together exactly what happened.  “The very preliminary information we have is there was a fight on this property between two individuals at this location and then gunfire erupted," Crump said.  A short distance away, at 18th and Van Buren streets, the Phoenix Fire Department picked up two adult men at St. Lukes Medical Center and moved them to a different hospital, Phoenix Fire Capt. Aaron Ernsberger said.  Those patients were in stable condition.  Fire officials were advising members of the media to keep away and move to a safe location as family members arrived.  "My understanding they put the facility into a lockdown this morning as part of their protocol because they had at least one shooting victim at that location. I’m not aware of any issues involved," Crump said.  He noted investigators have their work cut out for them.  “At this point we won’t know who are suspects, who are victims," he said. "We have officers at these three different hospitals trying to sort through some of that this morning.  Refresh this page often for further updates.  Fire Paramedics Are Responding To A Triple Shooting At 18th Street and Van Buren - Police Are On Scene. — Eric Zott (@EricZott) October 25, 2015  Copyright 2015 KPHO/KTVK (KPHO Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.