Many roads near downtown Colorado Springs as police investigate an officer-involved shooting that left four people dead.  The rear window of a Colorado Springs Police car is shattered after a shooting Saturday, Oct. 31, 2015, in Colorado Springs, Colo. Multiple are dead, including a suspected gunman, following a shooting spree according to authorities. Lt. Catherine Buckley said the crime scene covers several major downtown streets. ( Christian Murdock, Colorado Springs Gazette via AP )  Multiple shootings Saturday in Colorado Springs left four people dead, including the suspected gunman.  The chaotic scene, which erupted in the morning, left residents shaken after three victims were shot and killed on the streets and sidewalks of the neighborhood. Minutes after the first shots were fired, the violent episode ended when the suspected gunman turned his rifle against Colorado Springs police officers and started shooting.  The officers returned fire.  Investigators released few details about the shootings. They worked through the day Saturday, combing the crime scene, which stretched several city blocks.  Police investigate the scene after a shooting Saturday, Oct. 31, 2015, in Colorado Springs, Colo. Multiple are dead, including a suspected gunman, following a shooting spree according to authorities. Lt. Catherine Buckley said the crime scene covers several major downtown streets. (Christian Murdock, Colorado Springs Gazette via AP)  But witnesses interviewed by The Gazette described waking up to gunshots, blood and confusion. It was unclear whether the shooter knew the victims or chose them at random.  Officers were called to the 200 block of North Prospect Street around 8:45 a.m., said Lt. Catherine Buckley, spokeswoman for the Colorado Springs Police Department. While en route to the scene, officers spotted a man matching the description of the suspect near Platte Avenue and Wasatch Street.  The suspect fired multiple rounds at officers before they returned fire, Buckley said.  Advertisement  Investigators have not released the shooter's name. They did not provide details about the suspect's weapon.  Police were not looking for any other suspects.  Matt Abshire, who lives in the area, told The Gazette he saw a man shoot another man with a rifle around 9 a.m. The 21-year-old left his apartment and followed the shooter who was westbound on Platte Avenue.  While on the phone with police, Abshire said he saw the shooter turn to his left and fire at two women. By the time Abshire reached the two women, one of them had stopped breathing, he told The Gazette.  "She was dead," Abshire said.  It appeared one of the woman had been shot in the face, he said.  Saturday afternoon, Buckley confirmed that three people were killed. She declined to provide any identifying information about the victims — including their gender.  Aaron Nicks also spoke to The Gazette. Nicks said he saw police officers fire several shots at the suspected gunman before he fell to the ground.  Officers quickly loaded the gunman into a vehicle, Nicks said.  Following department protocol, the officers involved in the shooting have been placed on administrative leave, Buckley said.  The police department will investigate the events that led up to the officer-involved shooting, Buckley said.  The El Paso County Sheriff's Office will investigate the officer-involved shooting. Once completed, that investigation will be turned over to the El Paso County District Attorney's Office for review.  "This covers a very large area of some major streets in Colorado Springs," Buckley said, adding that many streets in the area would be closed until late Saturday night.