Four dead in Oakland shooting (Photo: NEWS CENTER)  OAKLAND, Maine (NEWS CENTER) -- Maine State Police said four people died in a shooting on Belgrade Road in Oakland Wednesday night.  According to deputies, the alleged gunman, 42-year-old Herman Derico, killed two women and a man inside the home before shooting himself outside. Police said a 9mm handgun was found next to his body.  According to police Derico did not have any prior criminal charges in Maine. All three victims were from Maine, but Derico was not. Police said dispatch received numerous 911 calls coming in around 8:00 p.m. Thursday night, including a call coming from one of the women who was shot, Amy Derosby.  Police have identified the victims as 30-year-old Amanda Bragg, 29-year-old Michael Muzerolle, and 28-year-old Amy Derosby. They said Bragg and Muzerolle were the parents of the 3-year-old girl found alive and unharmed inside the house when police arrived. Department of Public Safety spokesman Steve McCausland says the young girl has been removed from the house and is now with her grandmother.  Friends of Bragg have started a GoFundMe page that will benefit the child  In a press conference Thursday afternoon, Maine State Police said Derico and his girlfriend Derosby lived in the upstairs room of the apartment while the two other victims, Bragg and Muzerolle lived in the downstairs. Police said all three victims were found on first floor.  "We don't have a clear understanding of why this happened," said Lt. Troy Gardner of the Maine State Police.  Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay    Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show Captions Last SlideNext Slide  Police from at least six agencies converged on the scene around 8 p.m. Wednesday night. Authorities had blocked off the intersection of Belgrade Road and Church Street for much of the night. Police armed with rifles walked from the intersection with Church Street toward the house where the shooting took place.  A state police tactical unit was deployed and other responding agencies, including Fairfield, Oakland, Waterville and Winslow police departments and the Kennebec County Sheriff's Office remain on the scene.  The Maine Medical Examiner is assisting police in determining an official cause of death for the four adults.  Christina Karod lives down the street from the scene said she heard a "popping noise" shortly before police arrived.  "I heard popping noise; I didn't think anything of it. I didn't think it was a shooting or anything and then 9 o'clock two police cars showed up on this corner here and then more showed up and an ambulance and a crime unit," Karod said.  Izzy and Renee Spencer told CentralMaine.com that they had gone to the store and left their children at home with Renee Spencer's brother. They returned around 8:30 p.m. and were still waiting to be allowed back down the street more than two hours later.  They said their children were safe and were in bed for the night. "Thank goodness," Renee Spencer said. "I don't know if they even know really that all this is happening."  "You don't expect something like this to happen in a small town," Izzy Spencer said.  Maine State police will continue gathering evidence at the home into Thursday night and try to piece together what led to Wednesday night's events.  .  Read or Share this story: http://on.wcsh6.com/1NtfeHV