Channel 2 Action News has confirmed that the Habersham County Sheriff Joey Terrell and another deputy have been shot while responding to a domestic incident Sunday night.  A former police officer shot his ex-wife, her friend, a local sheriff and a deputy on Sunday before he died, Georgia Bureau of Investigation agents said.  The Georgia Bureau of Investigation said in a news conference Monday that the shooter, identified as Anthony Giaquinta, worked in and out of law enforcement for many years.  [READ THE LATEST ON THIS STORY HERE]  He was once an employee of the Gainesville Police Department, GBI officials said. They said he was employed by the Habersham County Sheriff's Office until his termination on June 15, 2013, after allegations of domestic violence. He was never charged for the alleged domestic violence, police said.  The Sheriff’s Office was called to Giaquinta's home because of a domestic dispute shortly before 7:30 p.m. Sunday.  “Upon their arrival, they found a female who was deceased in the garage. They made entry to see if any other victims were inside. Upon entry, it appears they were ambushed,” GBI Deputy Director of Investigations Rusty Andrews said.  Habersham County manager Phil Sutton told Channel 2 Action News that the gunman shot Habersham County Sheriff Joey Terrell and deputy Bill Zigan.  Police said Giaquinta and another man found outside the home died, in addition to Giaquinta's ex-wife, whose body was found inside the home.  Terrell and Zigan were taken to Northeast Georgia Medical Center in Hall County.  Terrell was released Sunday night. Zigan remained hospitalized.  “They're two very tough, professional gentlemen,” Sutton said.  Fernandes asked Sutton why he thought the sheriff responded to the call.  “Probably because he knew the person who was involved in the incident,” Sutton said.  Sutton told Fernandes that the sheriff showed up at the domestic incident because he thought he could calm down Giaquinta.  "I think all of us who work with the Sheriff’s Department, (who) work with Sheriff Terrell and Deputy Zigan, can breathe a sigh of relief,” Sutton said.  Watch Channel 2 Action News starting at 4 for new information on this developing story.