Police are searching for two people of interest after five people were shot Thursday afternoon in an apparent drive-by shooting in west Baltimore.  Lanvale Street shooting persons of interest Photos Baltimore police release two photos of persons of interest wanted in connection with the shootings of five people on West Lanvale Street. Baltimore police Police search vehicle in drive by shooting Photos City police are looking for the vehicle in a drive-by shooting that injured four people. West Lanvale Street shooting Photos Police look for vehicle in drive-by shooting Five people were shot Thursday afternoon in an apparent drive-by shooting in west Baltimore. More 2 dead, 1 injured in 2 Baltimore shootings One man is dead and two others are wounded after two shootings in west Baltimore Monday night. More  Video: Police search for vehicle in drive-by shooting  Video: 2 persons of interest sought in shooting  City police said officers were called to the 1900 block of West Lanvale Street at North Monroe Street just before 3 p.m.  "An unknown number of people inside of the car fired an unknown number of shots, striking four people -- three of them adults, one of them a juvenile. They have been transported to area hospitals with non-life-threatening injuries," Baltimore police spokesman Capt. Eric Kowalczyk said.  Police said a 39-year-old woman was shot in the leg, a 37-year-old woman was shot in the torso, a 22-year-old man was shot in the leg and a 15-year-old girl was shot in the arm. Police on Friday said they found a fifth victim, a 39-year old woman, who was shot in the lower back.  Also Friday, police released photos of two people sought in the investigation.  City police said the incident started earlier in the afternoon when members of the Regional Auto Theft Task Force tried to stop a blue Honda Pilot, but the driver eluded police.  Police spotted the SUV a short time later, and again the driver managed to elude capture.  Police said the SUV pulled up to a corner on West Lanvale Street, and someone inside opened fire.  "What we know is that there are people inside this vehicle who are brazen shooters who were willing to do whatever it took to get to this corner and fire those shots, and we need to get them off the streets," Kowalczyk said.  The motive as well as how many people were inside the suspected vehicle is unclear. City police said the SUV has Maryland license plates 5BE1423.  Baltimore police officers are routinely deployed to hot spots based on recent crime statistics. Police said that helped with Thursday's quick response.  "We had an officer down the street when that incident took place, so our officers were in the right place at the right time. It's just a matter of finding the people that are responsible for that crime and, obviously, we're asking the public's help for that case," Kowalczyk said.  This isn't the first shooting in that west Baltimore neighborhood, which was evident from a makeshift memorial for 22-year-old Sterling Day. He was shot and killed March 23 in the 800 block of North Monroe Street, just a block away from Thursday's shooting. His killer has not been found.  One neighbor, who did not want to be identified, recalls the frightening day that her young daughter was almost the victim of a shooting.  "My daughter happened to be outside that day with her girlfriend and another little girl who lived around the corner. They were banging on the door screaming, 'Open the door. Let me in.' I run downstairs to let them in the house in hopes of them not getting shot. It's just ridiculous."  Anyone with information about the shootings is asked to call police at 410-396-2477.  Refresh wbaltv.com and our app, and watch 11 News for late-breaking updates.