More Video...  Rico Doyle (Jail photo)  Arrest warrant affidavits released Friday shed some light on a shooting earlier this week at a Killeen apartment complex that left two women dead and three other people injured.  Kysha D. Edmond-Gray, 42 and Deanna Louise Buster, 38, both of Killeen, were shot to death early Tuesday morning.  Buster received a gunshot wound to the face and neck and Edmond-Gray was shot in the head, according to preliminary autopsy reports released Thursday.  Both deaths were ruled homicides.  Rico Doyle, 35, who was wanted in the deadly rampage, was held Friday in the Bell County Jail in lieu of bonds totaling more than $1 million, charged with one count of murder in Edmond-Gray's death and two counts of aggravated assault in the shootings of two of the three injured victims.  Officers found the five victims after responding at around 3:20 a.m. Tuesday to reports of gunshots at the West Village Apartment complex at 420 North Gilmer Street in Killeen.  Edmond-Gray was lying face down in a couch in an apartment, the affidavits say.  A man whom police identified as Yariel Figueroa, told officers that Doyle “came into the apartment and shot Kysha” and then later shot him, the affidavit said.  Edmond-Gray managed the apartment complex and was also manager of Cove Taxi, where she started working 11 years ago as a driver, company employees said.  "She ran the place," one employee said.  She first lived in Cove, but moved to Killeen to take a second job as apartment manager.  Another officer who was searching for a suspect in the area was advised to go to another unspecified location where he found another victim, Tiffany Graves, who said “she had been shot by her boyfriend Rico Doyle on Gilmer,” the affidavit said.  Doyle was arrested at around 10:45 p.m. Wednesday after police were sent to an apartment building in the 800 block of Houston Street in Killeen to check out a report of suspicious person, Killeen police spokeswoman Carroll Smith said Thursday.  Smith said the officers who were sent to the address began checking and area and quickly located a man hiding inside a vacant apartment.  The officers arrested Doyle on warrants charging two counts of murder and two counts of aggravated assault, Smith said.  Doyle is a New Orleans native who also was charged with murder in 2007 in the death of a local high school student.  Doyle, who moved to Texas after Hurricane Katrina in 2005, was arrested by U.S. marshals in December 2007 in connection with the Sept. 30, 2007 shooting death of Killeen High School student Tyrone Haskins, 18.  Haskins was pronounced dead at Scott & White Hospital after he was shot repeatedly while in the parking lot of a four-plex in the 4400 block of Alan Kent Drive in Killeen.  Doyle was charged with murder and was initially ordered held in lieu of $1 million bond, but the amount was later reduced to $5,000 and he was released.  In January 2010, he was arrested again after Harker Heights police found a 9-mm handgun in the car he was driving.  Police searched his home at 304 N. Ann Blvd, Apt. B in Harker Heights after the arrest and found another 9-mm handgun inside.  He was charged with unlawful possession of a firearm by a felon, based on a previous conviction in 1996 in New Orleans for armed robbery.  He was also charged with possession of less than one gram a controlled substance.  In April 2011, according to online records, Doyle pleaded guilty to a reduced charge of criminally negligent homicide in the teenager's death and to the firearms and drug charges.  He was sentenced to two years in state jail on the homicide charge and received concurrent sentences of four years in prison on the firearms charge and two years in state jail on the drug charge.  He was released from the Bartlett State Jail in April 2012.  Doyle was arrested on Aug. 8, 2014 in Temple after a traffic stop and was found to be driving with an invalid license, according to the Temple Police Department's blotter.  An officer "located an amount of a dangerous drug inside the vehicle subsequent to the arrest," the blotter entry said.  GoFundMe accounts have been created for Edmond-Gray and Buster.  