A 15-year-old boy was killed and three other men were injured when shots were fired after a motorcycle blessing event for Mother's Day attended by 1,000 people in Newark, officials say.  Shots were fired at 7:45 p.m. near 19th Avenue and South 16th Street in Newark, just a few blocks from the headquarters of the Newark Knights Motorcycle Club, which was holding the event Sunday, according to the club's website.  Beach Brawl: 100 Brawlers, 9 Arrests in Massive Mass. Melee  The shooting was about 1 hour and 45 minutes after the event was set to end.  Al-Shakeen Woodson of Newark was pronounced dead at University Hospital after the shooting, the Essex County Prosecutor's Office announced. Three adult men were treated at nearby hospitals for minor injuries.  WATCH: Tourists Run From Bears in Yellowstone National Park  Newark Mayor Ras Baraka said Sunday night the event shouldn't have been approved by the city and that the city's police department doesn't have the resources to ensure attendees' safety. He said that recent biker events have been rowdy.  2 Central Park Robberies in 24 Hours Prompt Police to Step Up Patrols  "We are working to figure out how this event was approved," he said. "It shouldn't have been approved."  One onlooker told NBC 4 New York that the event seemed peaceful, with riders taking their mothers on the backs of their motorcycles. She described a frantic scene when gunfire erupted.  "American Idol" Is Ending Next Year  "My father said 'There go the shots,' and then all the sudden everybody started running," she said.  Woman Dies After Taxi Hits Her in Manhattan  Baraka vowed to find those responsible for the shooting, saying in a statement Monday that those who have information should come forward and that "We should not protect those who have no respect for life in our community and continue to disrupt the great strides our city is making."  The mayor also said that he'll be announcing "Occupy the Hood," a block-by-block outreach program that looks to reduce violence in the city as the summer months approach.  Police are continuing to investigate the shooting, and no arrests have been made.  Anyone with information is asked to call 877-847-7432.  Top News Photos of the Week