Five men were shot in Brockton early Sunday as a bar crowd was let out for the night, our news partners at the Brockton Enterprise report.  Police responded to a report of gunfire about 1:30 a.m., outside of Dino's Bar on 1002 Main St., Brockton Police Lt. Kenneth LaGrice said.  Five males were hit by bullets in the incident, two victims are from Brockton and two from Boston, according to LaGrice. The fifth victim's hometown presently unknown.  No arrests have been made at this time, and no motive has been established yet for the shooting, LaGrice said,  Two of the victims were transported to Boston hospitals and three to Brockton hospitals.    One of the victims, a Boston man shot in the abdomen, was seriously injured, but is expected to survive, LaGrice said.    The other victims suffered minor injuries after being shot in their extremities. Identities and ages of the victims are not available at this time.    Detectives were on the scene Sunday, searching for evidence and interviewing witnesses. Eight shell casings were discovered at the scene, LaGrice said, adding that witnesses said "nothing out of the ordinary happened inside" Dino's before the gunfire outside.    Witnesses told police the shooter fled on foot west on Calmar Street. Police described the shooter as a light-skinned male wearing a gray hooded sweatshirt. It is not known if he was inside Dino's before the shooting outside, LaGrice said.    The bar, which holds a 1 a.m. license, is currently open as the crime scene is outside the establishment.    This is not the first shooting incident at Dino's. In an incident which mirrored Sunday morning's, on the morning after Christmas 2014, a 26-year-old Brockton man was shot multiple times in the arms and legs outside the bar after the victim had argued with someone inside before the shooting.    LaGrice said Dino's is "not a problem (for us), but we have had a couple of incidents in the last couple of years."    These shootings come on the heels of a week when Brockton police responded to seven incidents of shots fired at different locations in the city.    There were six gunshot calls between Monday and Wednesday, and police recovered nearly 50 shell casings from the various crime scenes. Police also found seven casings early Saturday from a gunfire incident around Washington Avenue and Pine Street.    After one incident on West Harvard Street, police found 25 shell casings in the road early Wednesday morning. A stray bullet was shot through the side of a house and pierced the ceiling of a 5-year-old girl’s bedroom, just above where she and her 7-year-old sister sleep.    Elsewhere, houses and cars were riddled with bullets throughout the week.    Anyone with information is urged to call Brockton detectives at 508-941-0234.