A northwest Oklahoma City neighborhood is on edge after a shootout at a club located right next door.  A northwest Oklahoma City neighborhood is on edge after a shootout at a club located right next door.  Police say gunfire erupted overnight inside Club Pulse, located at 3034 N. Portland. The commotion moved into the parking where police say armed security guards got involved and shot back. Four people were shot, all with non-life-threatening injuries.  Police are still trying to piece it all together on how it all went down, but what we do know for certain is the people who live next door are scared.  "It's out of control," said one man who didn't want to be identified.  In fact, all the neighbors that spoke out are so scared they wanted to remain anonymous, but they did want to talk about what it's like is having a club basically in your backyard.  "Every other night when they're open, I'm awake until like 2 o'clock," said a man whose backyard backs up to the parking of the club. "There are people fighting. You hear people screaming all the time."  4/6/2014 Related Story: Four Injured In Shooting At Club Pulse  This time the partying led to a shooting.  "I was laying in bed with my little great nephew and all of a sudden I heard several gunshots," said another woman who lives on the same block. "I look in the backyard and there's police everywhere. There's people on the ground. It's scary."  Police say the gunfire erupted inside the club and continued into the parking lot.  "Security guards that are here on scene that are armed security guards engaged the suspects in the parking lot and exchanged gunfire," said Capt. Dexter Nelson with the Oklahoma City Police Department.  Four people were shot, but expected to be OK. The bullets also hit several cars and at least one house. And even though police took three people into custody, the situation isn't sitting well with those who live next door.  "It worries me a lot," said one mother of several young children. "You never know if a bullet would shoot through the window or if your kids are in the backyard."  It's a fear that continues for this mother, at least for now.  "We don't have a choice right now, the money and things like that," she said. "But I don't' think I want to let the club move me out of my neighborhood."  The three people taken into custody are only possible suspects at this time. Police are still trying to determine how many people were actually involved. If you have any information about this shooting, call Oklahoma City Crime Stoppers at (405) 235-7300.