Police have released a second statement about a shooting that left one man dead and three others injured at the Chevy Club earlier this morning.  According to the release by Floyd County police investigator Cpl. Rusty Williams:  The Floyd County Police are investigating a shooting incident in which three people were injured and one killed. The deceased victim has been identified as Justin Jamil Foster, 26, of 512 Wilson Ave., in Rome. The identity of the other victims in the incident are still being withheld pending family notification. Anyone with information about this shooting should contact Lt. Jeff Jones at 706-252-4243, or Investigator Rusty Williams 706-584-0371, if unable to call these numbers , please dial 911 and ask for either officer. Tipsters may remain anonymous.  Foster was shot and killed earlier this morning during an incident that happened at 3:15 a.m. at the Chevy Club, 3365 Cave Spring Road, officials stated earlier. The Chevy Club was formerly known as the Cadillac Club.  Williams declined to release anymore information past the press statement this afternoon. Jones was not available for comment.  Deputy Coroner Ernie Studard said Foster was pronounced dead at 4:08 a.m. this morning.  Update: Officials have released the name of the man who was shot and killed at the Chevy Club early this morning.  Deputy Coroner Ernie Studard said Justin Foster, 26, of 512 Wilson Ave., was shot at the Chevy Club, 3365 Cave Spring Road.  Foster was pronounced dead at the scene at 4:08 a.m., said Studard.  Floyd County police said in a press release that three others were wounded in the incident. The names of those victims have not been released.  Floyd County police investigator Cpl. Rusty Williams said the investigation is ongoing.  Previous: Floyd County police have issued a statement about the early morning shooting at Chevy Club on Cave Spring Road.  According to the release by Floyd County police investigator Cpl. Rusty Williams:  The Floyd County Police are investigating a shooting incident that occurred at 3365 Cave Spring Road. This incident occurred at approximately 3:15 a.m. One person was pronounced dead at the scene and three others were wounded in the incident, identities of the victims are being withheld pending notification of the families. The investigation is ongoing at this time.  Previous: Floyd County police are investigating a early morning shooting that left one man dead at a night club on Cave Spring Road.  Deputy Coroner Ernie Studard said a 26-year-old man was shot and killed during an incident at the Chevy Club, formerly known as the Cadillac Club, 3365 Cave Spring Road.  "We had one confirmed fatality," he added.  Floyd County police investigator Cpl. Rusty Williams said police are still investigating the incident that occurred around 3:30 a.m.  "The investigation is ongoing," Williams added.  Williams said police officials plan to issue a statement later this morning.