Community members are devastated after a family of four was found dead in their home. in what sheriff's officials say appears to be a murder-suicide. Kate Larsen reports from Mission Viejo for the NBC4 News at 11 on Tuesday, May 27, 2014. (Published Wednesday, May 28, 2014)  A community is devastated after a family of four was found dead Tuesday in what sheriff’s officials said appeared to be a murder-suicide in a Mission Viejo home.  The discovery was reported to the Orange County sheriff's department just after 9 a.m., and deputies responded to a residence in the 25600 block of Pacific Hills Drive when a relative couldn't get ahold of the family inside.  Neghbors Shocked by Family Found Dead in Mission Viejo Home  Neighbors were shocked Tuesday after the bodies of four family members were found inside a Mission Viejo home. Vikki Vargas reports for NBC4 News at 6p.m. from Mission Viejo Tuesday, May 27, 2014. (Published Tuesday, May 27, 2014)  Breaking News Alerts: Download the NBCLA News App  Sheriff's officials said they found two females and two males dead inside the home, but did not disclose the ages or relationship among the deceased.  2014 SoCal Images in the News  Neighbors said they heard gunshots ring out on Memorial Day, but deputies did not find the bodies unil Tuesday morning after a concerned relative called them to the home.  Shocked neighbors described them as the perfect family, a mother who homeschooled her children and a father who was involved in his church.  Top News Photos of the Week  "They were a wonderful family and we just can't believe this has happened, it's absolutely devastating," said Pastor John Steward, who held a prayer service for several hundred friends of the family at Mount of Olives Lutheran Church.  The couple were parents to two teenagers, neighbors said. One of the teen's classmates collapsed in the street when she saw the police tape around the house.  "I would not believe it. I mean it's possible, anything is possible these days, but not to that family," said a neighbor who asked to remain anonymous.  Officials have not said how they were killed, but neighbors described hearing loud booms.  "I thought we heard fireworks last night, and I thought it was from somebody's home," neighbor Shelly Andrews said. "I live up the street, and that's all I thought it was, fireworks."  Police said they are not looking for a suspect, and do not think there is any danger to residents in the area.  "They seemed to be pretty nice and loving people, but this is really...this is kind of a shocker," neighbor Anthony Zinser said.  Mission Viejo is a city of about 95,000 in the southern section of Orange County about 50 miles southeast of Los Angeles.