LAS VEGAS (KSNV MyNews3.com) --  Two Metro officers were on their lunch break at Cici's Pizza, 309. N. Nellis Blvd. when they  The suspects were quoted as saying something to affect "this is the start of the revolution" when they ambushed the two officers. The sheriff could not confirm the statement.      Geoff Goodman, CiCi's Pizza, vice president of operations  issued the following statement:  Five people -- including two Metro police officers -- are dead after an ambush, shootout and suicide late Sunday morning in the northeast part of the valley.were ambushed by a man and a woman at 11:22 a.m. One officer was shot in the head and died at the scene. The other died while in surgery at UMC.The suspects removed the officers' weapons and headed south across Stewart Avenue to Walmart at 201 N. Nellis Blvd.One or both of the suspects killed a citizen near the front of the store.Metro officers arrived and surrounded the store. SWAT was also called in. Radio calls indicated the suspects were in the back northwest corner of the store when they carried out a suicide pact. Some reports have said the woman shot and injured the man and then killed herself while he fired a fatal shot at himself.The autopsy reports has confirmed that Miller died from a .223 rifle shot and not from his wife’s gun.The officers have been identified as Alyn Beck, 42, and Igor Soldo, 32. Beck leaves a wife and three children while Soldo is survived by his wife and a baby. Both were patrol officers assigned to the Northeast Area Command.“It’s a tragic day,” Clark County Sheriff Doug Gillespie said at a 4 p.m. news conference. “We have lost two officers with young families.”The Metro department has never lost two officers in one day. There have been 22 deaths in the department since it was formed in 1905.There are still many questions whose answers won’t be known immediately, Gillespie said.“It’s a very, very difficult day,” Gillespie said, “but we still have a community to police, and we still have a community to protect.”Several eyewitnesses said they heard the same statements made as shooting was going on inside Walmart.The strip shopping mall was closed for the rest of the day as Metro officers obtained witness statements from hundreds of potential witnesses  "We are deeply saddened by this tragic event and our hearts go out to the families and friends of the officers. While we don't have additional details to share, the CiCi's Pizza on Nellis Boulevard is closed until further notice while the police conduct their investigation. CiCi's is assisting police in any way we can."  Gov. Brian Sandoval issued the following statement regarding the shooting:  “I am devastated by the news today of two officers and an innocent bystander who were murdered in an act of senseless violence. My thoughts and prayers go out to the victims and their families. I am receiving regular updates with regard to this tragedy and local and state law enforcement are assisting at the scene.”  Statement from Las Vegas Mayor Carolyn G. Goodman:  "This was a senseless and cruel act killing three innocent people, two who dedicated their lives to protecting all of us in our community and one who was innocently going about her daily life. At UMC Trauma and thereafter with fellow officers, I saw their pain was evident and clear. Their resolve was greater than ever to serve our community with loyalty, dedication and to honor the memory of their two comrades and friends. I immediately asked that flags at city facilities be lowered to half staff in remembrance of the officers and the innocent woman also tragically shot today."  Nevada Senator Harry Reid statement:  "I am terribly saddened by today's senseless shooting in the Las Vegas valley. Metro Police officers do all they can to protect our residents and the millions of tourists who visit the region. This is a tragedy for all affected, including the Metro Police Department and the families of those killed."