Chester police said five people were hospitalized, including two teens, following shootings in the 1400 block of West Congress Street early Wednesday morning. (Times Photo / Frank Wesnoski)  CHESTER — Investigators are looking into a possible link between a shooting early Wednesday that sent five people, including two teens to the hospital, and a shooting Friday that left one man dead and wounded two women.  “We are looking to see if the shooting incidents are connected,” Delaware County District Attorney Jack Whelan said Wednesday night.  Investigations are ongoing by the Chester Police Department and the county’s Criminal Investigation Division.  Previously, Whelan said “turf issues” involving the Ruth L. Bennett Homes was a possible motive in the June 27 shooting, where as many as 37 rounds were sprayed outside the Platinum Harambee Cafe at Seventh and Lloyd streets at about midnight. Verlondon Gary, 32, of Chester, was dead at the scene; two city women were wounded, one critically.  Advertisement  According to city authorities, the recent incident unfolded shortly after midnight as a group of people, including a boy and girl both 14 years old, were outside in the 1400 block of West Congress Street. Some residents were standing around talking, while others were in the middle of a pickup game of basketball.  Then, at 12:09 a.m., gunfire erupted, sending people on Congress Street scurrying. The five victims, including the teens, were caught in apparent crossfire.  When police arrived on the scene, they found five people had been injured; a 14-year-old girl shot in the foot and a 14-year-old boy shot in the right leg were among them. Two adult males, ages, 20 and 31, suffered leg wounds while a third man, 35, was struck in his back and right thigh.  All five victims were taken to Crozer-Chester Medical Center, where they were listed in stable condition on Wednesday. None of the injuries appeared to be life-threatening, according to authorities.  According to police, whoever pulled the trigger did from a distance away in the 800 block of Tilghman Street, about a block from where the victims were found. Shell casings found at the scene indicate that at least two weapons were fired. Investigators are trying to determine if the shooters were firing at each other or at someone else.  Of the 25 homicides in Delaware County this year, 16 have occurred in Chester. All but one of the cases involved a firearm.  Four people have been fatally shot since the anti-crime initiative “Operation City Surge” was launched in May. The effort includes unannounced patrols by state police, as well as added assistance by other agencies including SEPTA Transit Police.  Repeated attempts to reach Chester Police Commissioner Joe Bail concerning the latest shooting were unsuccessful.  Wednesday night, Mayor John Linder said any shooting is tragic.  “What I can do to protect my young citizens is bring them indoor after hours,” he said.  But he warned that a solution is not solely a police matter.  “Others can help us as much as they can (by reporting those) who are continually committing crimes in this city,” Linder said. “We’ve had great cooperation from our community, and it’s getting better.”  The mayor added that since the launch of the anti-crime push police response time has been quicker thanks to the state police and other agencies who are working with city police.  Anyone with information is asked to contact city detectives at 610-447-8433 or county detectives at 610-891-4700.