NEWARK — Investigators have identified the victims of a shooting that left two people dead and three hurt after a gunman opened fire on a parked car in Newark's Central Ward Tuesday.  Akbar Muhammad, the 36-year-old son of a well-respected Newark imam, and 28-year-old Shante Spivey of East Orange were shot and killed at 11:43 a.m. Tuesday on Springfield Avenue, according to Acting Essex County Prosecutor Carolyn Murray.  Three other victims, a 35-year-old woman, a 34-year-old man and an 18-year-old man, were injured in the attack, Murray said. They were listed in stable condition at University Hospital in Newark Tuesday night, according to Newark Police Director Samuel DeMaio, who said one of the victims was a local store owner.  All five victims were sitting in a parked car near the intersection of Springfield and Fairmount avenues when a lone gunman walked up and started shooting, DeMaio said on Tuesday. Muhammad, who was in the driver's seat, died at the scene. Spivey was pronounced dead at University Hospital a short time later.  DeMaio said the attack was "targeted," but claimed it was too early to tell who the shooter was aiming for. The gunman remains at large, and prosecutors have not commented on a motive in the twin slayings.  Muhammad is the eldest son of Imam Abdul Akbar Muhammad of Ali K. Muslim Mosque in Newark. Many consider him one of the most well-respected imams in the city and a leader in the local Muslim community.  Muhammad is survived by his parents and six siblings, according to Amin Nathari, a longtime activist in the Muslim community.  "He was a very popular and well-liked young man, always respectful anytime that I saw him, and my heart grieves for his mother, father and his brothers and sisters," Nathari said Tuesday.  RELATED COVERAGE:  • Killing of Newark imam's son draws fiery reaction from city leaders  • Son of Newark Imam identified as one of two killed in Newark shooting  • Multiple shooting in Newark leaves 2 dead, three others hurt  