Five people were shot, one of them fatally, Saturday evening in an attack on the West Side that disrupted a block party.  That shooting and a handful of others left a total of two people dead and 15 others wounded between about 6 p.m. Saturday and 3:30 a.m. Sunday, police said.  A 21-year-old man was pronounced dead at West Suburban Medical Center in Oak Park after he was shot in the head about 6 p.m. in the 900 block of North Mayfield Avenue in the Austin neighborhood, said Chicago Police Department News Affairs Officer Ana Pacheco. According to the Cook County medical examiner's office, the man is Jaquan Hardy, 21, of the 5800 block of West Augusta Boulevard.  Two others were injured on Mayfield, police said, one a 53-year-old male cabdriver who was hit in the abdomen and thigh and the other a 43-year-old woman. The cabdriver was picking up the woman and Hardy when shots were fired in their direction, News Affairs Officer Jose Estrada said Sunday morning.  A few blocks east, two more men, ages 26 and 33, were injured by gunfire at the block party in the 900 block of North Massasoit Avenue, police said. Both men were playing basketball when they heard what sounded like firecrackers and felt pain, Estrada said. The 26-year-old was wounded in the foot and thigh and the 33-year-old was wounded in the right foot, police said.  Estrada said police believe the same perpetrators were involved in both incidents. But it’s not clear whether the shots fired at Mayfield continued on into the block party on Massasoit or if additional shots were fired after the shooters left the Mayfield scene.  Police had no precise information on the conditions of the four people injured in the attck, all of whom were treated at West Suburban, but said that all of them had been.  Neighborhood children were preparing to play musical chairs when the gunfire began, block president Duane Holman said.  Holman, 53, said the shooting occurred at the corner of the block. At first, residents thought the bullets might be firecrackers, Holman said. But everyone ran into their home once they realized what was occurring.  "It was over with as fast as it happened," Holman said.  The crowd disappeared but returned about 45 minutes later to play and celebrate on the block. About two hours after the shooting, there was little evidence that there had been a shooting.  Youth played basketball at the end of the block while two teams of 24 children competed in a tug of war contest at the center. A boombox played soothing music as kids rode their bikes around the neighborhood.  The 800 block of Massasoit, one block south, had a block party going on, too, with a DJ blasting loud music as residents danced on the street.  Holman said it was important not to let kids be influenced by the violence by trying to provide them a "normal atmosphere."  "You don't want them to adopt that attitude and think it's normal because it's not," Holman said.  In other shootings:  • A 24-year-old man was killed after being shot in a bar at the corner of 45th Street and Kedzie Avenue in the Brighton Park neighborhood. The man, who was identified by the Cook County medical examiner's office as Richard Velasquez, identified, died at the scene, authorities said. Another man in his 30s was taken to Mount Sinai Hospital; his condition was unavailable. The shooting happened about 2:35 a.m. Sunday.  • A man walked into Swedish Covenant Hospital on the North Side after someone shot him about 10:15 p.m. Saturday near North and Kedzie avenues in the Logan Square neighborhood. The 26-year-old had been shot in the shoulder.  • A woman, 50, suffered a graze wound about 1:30 a.m. Sunday in the 4400 block of South Prairie Avenue in the Bronzeville neighborhood, police said. She was treated for the wound at the scene.  • About 1:30 a.m. Sunday, a 20-year-old man was shot in the 3600 block of South California Avenue in Brighton Park. He walked into Holy Cross Hospital with a wound to his shoulder and was then taken to Mount Sinai Hospital in stable condition, police said.  • About 3:05 a.m. Sunday, a 24-year-old man and a 31-year-old woman were shot near Addison and Laramie avenues on the Northwest Side. The shooting, in the Portage Park neighborhood, happened when the two were at a gas station. The two drove to West Suburban Medical Center and had given an address of the shooting about a mile from where it actually happened.  • About 3:10 a.m. Sunday, a 25-year-old man was shot near Central Avenue and Division Street in the Austin neighborhood on the West Side. He told police he heard shots and felt pain. He was taken to Loretto Hospital with wounds to his right buttocks and left shoulder, police said.  • A 14-year-old girl and a 20-year-old man were shot in the Little Village neighborhood about 4:50 a.m. Sunday. The two were in the backyard of a home in the 2700 block of South Millard Avenue when someone stuck a gun over a fence and started shooting, according to police and family members at the scene. The girl was shot in the hip and the man in the foot, and both are in good condition at Mount Sinai Hospital.  • Police found a man shot near Sawyer and Wrightwood avenues in the Logan Square neighborhood about 5:35 a.m. but it's not clear where or how he was shot. The 18-year-old was taken to Advocate Illinois Masonic Medical Center in good condition with a graze wound to his shoulder, police said. Police said it happened somewhere west of there, possibly near Pulaski Road or Lawndale Avenue on Wrightwood, but police are still investigating.  • A 23-year-old woman suffered a graze wound about 5:45 a.m. in the 8500 block of South Burnham Avenue in the South Chicago neighborhood. Police said the shooting may have been a drive-by but police are still investigating. She was treated at the scene for the wound.  Tribune reporter Liam Ford contributed  pnickeas@tribune.com | Twitter: @PeterNickeas    gpratt@tribune.com | Twitter: @royalpratt