Three people are dead and a fourth is injured following a murder-suicide Tuesday in Fayetteville.  The Cumberland County Sheriff's Office said four people were shot Tuesday around 6:30 p.m. on Winthrop Drive in the Eureka Springs community. Deputies said the shooting occurred in the driveway of the home.  A woman, a teenaged boy and a 15-year-old girl were shot before the gunman apparently turned the gun on himself, according to the sheriff's office spokeswoman Debbie Tanna. The woman, the boy and the gunman died said Tanna.  Mackenzie Cantwell, who lives at the home where the shooting occurred, said the boy was 14 years old. The woman was his mother and the girl who was shot was his sister, Cantwell said.  Cantwell, 19, said her younger sister was dating the boy, and his mother had driven to Cantwell's home to talk to Cantwell's mother.  Cantwell said the gunman was 21.  The 14-year-old boy and the gunman died at the scene. The woman and the 15-year-old girl were transported to Cape Fear Valley Medical Center, where the woman died a short time later. The girl underwent surgery for a gunshot wound to her shoulder.  Cantwell said the gunman was apparently outside the home when the shooting victims arrived in a van. She was not sure how long he had been there.  After the gunfire, Cantwell called 911.  "I've never seen anything like that. I didn't even know what to do," Cantwell said. "I called 911, obviously, but then I didn't know what to do. They were just dead."  Cantwell said the boy in the van and his girlfriend -- Cantwell's younger sister -- knew the gunman through church. She said the gunman was not a family relative of anyone involved in the shooting.  The identities of those involved in the shooting were not made immediately available.  Just last week, three people were killed after a man fired more the 90 rounds from a semi-automatic weapon at a home just outside Fayetteville. Gary Simpson, 61, and his 10-year-old grandson, Trekwan Covington, were both shot and killed when Andrew Michaelis opened fire on Simpson's home on July 30.  Michaelis also died, but the state medical examiner is working to determine if he took his own life or if he was shot by a deputy.  RELATED STORIES  Copyright 2014 WNCN. All rights reserved.