Five people were shot, one of them fatally, while attending a birthday party at a South Side lounge Saturday. Regina Waldroup reports. (Published Saturday, Jan. 25, 2014)  Five people were shot, one fatally, when a gunman fired into a lounge on Chicago's South Side early Saturday morning, police said.  The shooting took place just before 1 a.m. at Rudy's Lounge in the 5100 block of South Union Avenue in the city's Back of the Yards neighborhood.  Man Critically Wounded in Logan Square Carjacking  Chicago police on Thursday continued their search for two men who ordered a man out of his car and shot him when he complied. Regina Waldroup reports. (Published Thursday, Jan. 23, 2014)  A group was gathered at the lounge for a birthday party when shots rang out, officials said.  Police said two uninvited men were escorted out of the lounge by security and, shortly after, shots were fired through the door of the lounge, striking five people inside.  Surveillance Video: Clerk Killed in Bensenville Shooting  A surveillance video shows the moments before a 36-year-old employee of Sam s Tobacco and Food Mart was shot outside the store Sunday. (Published Monday, Jan. 20, 2014)  Three victims were transported to John H. Stroger, Jr. Hospital of Cook County, where a 35-year-old man with a gunshot wound to the head was pronounced dead.  The Cook County Medical Examiner's office confirmed the man died, but his named was not being released, pending notification of family members.  A 37-year-old man was a wound to the neck and a 40-year-old man with a wound to the head were both listed in stable condition, according to authorities.  A 34-year-old woman drove herself to Provident Hospital with a graze wound to the neck. She was later transported to Stroger Hospital in stable condition.  A 37-year-old man with a graze wound to the arm also transported himself to Provident Hospital where he was treated and released.  Police were still searching for the gunman as of Saturday morning and said no one was in custody.  The shooting took place about a mile and a half from Cornell Square Park, where 13 people were shot in September.  At least two men have been killed and six other people wounded since midnight Saturday.