Memphis police are responding to a third shooting involving children since Tuesday night, according to police spokesperson.  A 17-year-old boy was shot in the 700 block of Bullington on Wednesday around noon, according to Memphis Police dispatchers.  The boy was reportedly still breathing when dispatchers answered the 911 call. He was transported to the Regional Medical Center in noncritical condition.  This is the sixth person ? the fifth child ? reportedly shot in Memphis since Tuesday night. Police responded to four shootings in a 15-hour period by noon Wednesday.  The first Tuesday night shooting was reported around 9:30 p.m. in the 1900 block of S. Goodlett, where a boy and girl, both 17 were shot, said police spokeswoman Sgt. Karen Rudolph.  Rudolph said the shootings occurred during the robbery of the 17-year-old boy, who tried to run. The 17-year-old girl was inside, but went outside and stepped into the line of fire, according to police. No suspects are in custody.  Officers responded to the second shooting in the 3300 block of Egypt Central at 9:50 p.m. That incident left a 12-year-old boy in critical condition and a 16-year-old boy, who was found in the 3400 block of Bradcrest, in noncritical condition at Le Bonheur Children's Hospital, said Rudolph. The 16-year-old was released from the hospital Wednesday.  Police have two possible suspects in custody in the Egypt Central shooting, but Rudolph said no charges have been filed.  At 12:26 a.m. Wednesday, a 20-year-old man was found dead in the Shadowbrook Townhomes, near Getwell and Airways. He was pronounced dead on the scene. Police have no suspects in custody.  Memphis Police Director Toney Armstrong said he is concerned about the juvenile violence.  "I find the recent shootings in our city troubling particularly because the suspects and victims are all juveniles," Armstrong said in response to the Tuesday night shootings. "The fact that firearms continue to be so readily accessible to juveniles justifies our increased efforts to get guns off the streets.  "Notwithstanding this fact, parents and guardians must be proactive and engaged in the supervision of their children," he said. "As Director, I am responsible for ensuring public safety, but as a parent, it is my individual responsibility to provide a safe environment for my child. It must take a collective effort from both the community and law enforcement to realize a reduction in juvenile crime."