Neighbors carried crosses to the home of Frank and Joan Stack today, the day after they were found dead inside their home. The bodies of their two adult disabled children were found too. (Published Sunday, Aug. 31, 2014)  An elderly couple and their two adult children were found shot to death Saturday in a home in west suburban Elmhurst, police said.  Joan Stack and Francis Stack, both 82, as well as Francis Stack Jr., 48, and Mary Stack, 57, were killed, officials said. A longtime neighbor described the children as disabled and their mother as ailing.  All four were shot in the head, the DuPage County Coroner's office said Sunday, citing preliminary information. Officials said Francis Stack had committed suicide and the other three were killed, and a death investigation is ongoing.  All four victims had visible gunshot wounds, and a weapon was recovered from the scene, police said.  Family Members Found Dead in Elmhurst  Police say several family members were found shot to death in suburban Elmhurst. Regina Waldroup reports. (Published Sunday, Aug. 31, 2014)  Few details were released surrounding the deaths, but police at a news conference Saturday said officers were conducting a well-being check at a home in the 600 block of Chatam just before 7 p.m. when they discovered the victims dead inside the home.  Longtime neighbor Pete Sterchele described the victims were an elderly couple and their two disabled children.  "[Frank] was in a very difficult situation," said Sterchele. "Two severely handicapped children, his wife with cancer and rheumatoid arthritis. She was bed-ridden, the children had to be looked over 24 hours a day and Frank was losing mobility."  Police do not believe there is any immediate threat to the community, according to Elmhurst Police Chief Michael Ruth.  Police Conduct Elmhurst Death Investigation  Police are conducting a death investigation after "several family members" were found dead inside a home in west suburban Elmhurst. Trina Orlando reports. (Published Saturday, Aug. 30, 2014)  Neighbors told NBC Chicago they saw armed police officers approaching the home Saturday evening.  Many in the community were shocked by the incident.  "They were great people," said neighbor Al Watson. "I mean, if you had a problem, you come over ,talk to [Frank], he could help you with about anything."  The Detective Section of the Elmhurst Police Department is investigating the incident, police said.  