NORFOLK, Va. (WAVY) — A shooting in Norfolk early Sunday morning left one man dead and three others wounded.  Police responded to the intersection of Reservoir Avenue and Goff Street around 4:15 a.m. after receiving reports of gunshots in the area. While officers were responding to the call, three men with gunshot wounds showed up at Sentara Norfolk General Hospital in a personal vehicle.  One of the victims, 24-year-old Jordan Smith, died shortly after arriving at the hospital, according to a press release from Norfolk police. The other two men suffered non-life-threatening injuries.  “It sounded like was a war zone,” nearby resident Vera Jones said.  “I heard ‘pow, pow, pow,'” added neighbor Latoya Williams.  It was around 3 a.m. when an unforgettable sound rang out at the Norfolk intersection. Residents in the area say they heard anywhere from 20 to 30 shots.  “It is scary,” Jones said. “It is very scary, because bullets don’t have any names on them. They can fly through your window and through your walls.”  “Your heart drops and you try to protect yourself,” Williams said. “You give it a couple minutes before you get up from whatever position you are in.”  When they did peak out, they noticed Norfolk police officers arrive and the crime scene tape go up.  “It is very sad,” Jones said. “It is sad … all this senseless killing and all, this is just crazy.”  A fourth adult male believed to have also been wounded during the same shooting walked into Sentara Obici Hospital in Suffolk around 12 p.m. Sunday requesting treatment for a gunshot wound that was not life-threatening.  Officers found a crime scene at intersection of Reservoir Avenue and Goff Street and are asking for the public’s help to provide more information on the circumstances surrounding the shooting, including information on possible suspects.  Police spent Sunday collecting evidence. The streets were cluttered with markers pointing out gun shells.  “It is senseless,” Williams said. “It is, quite frankly. I’m tired of guns period.”  10 On Your Side was there when officers brought a man in handcuffs out of a home and put him in the back of a patrol car. Police aren’t yet saying if that man has any connection to the shooting.  Investigators are asking anyone with information about the incident to call the Crime Line at 1-888-LOCK-U-UP.