BELL — A grandfather, his daughter and six grandchildren ages 3 months to 10 years old died Thursday afternoon as a result of a murder-suicide at the grandfather's home in northern Gilchrist County, authorities said.  Gilchrist County Sheriff Robert Schultz identified the gunman as Don Charles Spirit, 51, and said the shootings occurred at Spirit's home near 29th Terrace and 30th Street, northeast of Bell.  Spirit fatally shot his daughter, whom Schultz declined to identify, and six of his grandchildren, some of whom lived with Spirit at the home, the sheriff said at a news conference Thursday night at the Gilchrist emergency management center near Bell. Schultz also declined to identify the slain children.  Schultz said he had no motive for the shootings. The sheriff did say that deputies have had to respond to incidents at the home in the past. He said the calls were "for a wide range of things" but did not have specifics. He added that Spirit did have a criminal history.  Schultz said the Sheriff's Office got a 911 call from Spirit at about 4 p.m. Thursday, and, "When he called 911, (Spirit) said enough to alarm us to get someone there, and we needed to get there in a hurry."  Schultz said that in the 911 call, Spirit made reference to harming others and himself.  A Gilchrist County deputy arrived at Spirit's home, had a discussion with Spirit, at which point Spirit fatally shot himself, Schultz said. At that point, Schultz said authorities went through the home and found the seven others fatally shot.  Schultz said Spirit shot his grandchildren and "a daughter" but would not say if Spirit had another daughter. He also would not say if any survivors who witnessed the shootings were at the house when the deputy arrived.  Schultz said he doesn't believe all eight of the dead lived in the home. He would not say if all the bodies were found in the same area of the house.  The deputy had "discussions" with Spirit before he shot himself, Schultz said, adding that the content of the discussions will come out as the investigation continues.  "There are certain things in life you can explain. And there are certain things you cannot explain. This is something I cannot explain," Schultz said Thursday night.  Spirit served prison time from 2003 to 2006 on a weapons charge from Osceola County, according to the Florida Department of Corrections website.  The Spirit home is down two graded roads off U.S. 129 just north of Bell's city limits. Neighbors said family members have lived in the home since around 1998.  Neighbor Maryann Vincent said Spirit has other children including a son, adding that various people lived in the home at times.  Vincent said someone who lived in the Spirit house had been involved with drugs and once threatened to kill her dogs.  Several neighbors said they had seen the children walking from the bus stop to the house Thursday afternoon.