3 arrested after 5 shot in 'drug deal gone badly,' Darlington Sheriff says (Image 1)  Three people were arrested on Thursday and one man remains on the run after five people were shot during a drug deal on Sept. 26, Darlington County authorities say.  On September 26, 2014, the Darlington County Sheriff’s Office was notified of a shooting at around 1:30 a.m. that took place at the 600 block of Turner Drive just outside Florence, said Darlington Sheriff J. Wayne Byrd.  The injured victims were transported by private vehicle to a local hospital before Law Enforcement arrived on scene, Byrd said.  There were a total of 5 people shot at this location. One female victim was in critical condition with a gunshot wound to the head.  Sheriff Wayne Byrd states, “The incident appears to be the result of a Drug Deal gone badly.”  On Thursday, four men were charged in connection with the incident — 2 of the men were charged with Attempted Murder. While four were charged, one has not been arrested.  Here are the three that were charged on Thursday and their charges, according to Byrd:  Alonzo Russell Sr., 64, of Turner Drive has been charged with PWID Marijuana and Possession of Crack Cocaine.  Sylvester Lamont Jordan, 26, of the 1500 block S. Center Rd. Darlington has been charged with 3 counts Attempted Murder and Possession of a Weapon during the Commission of a Violent Crime.  Damaino Nicholas Thomas, 30, of the 1600 block of Angelica Cir. Darlington has been charged with 3 counts Attempted Murder and Possession of a Weapon during the Commission of a Violent Crime.  Alonzo T. Russell Jr., 30, of Turner Dr. is wanted for PWID Marijuana and Possession of Crack Cocaine.  If anyone knows the whereabouts of Alonzo T. Russell Jr. contact the Darlington County Sheriff’s Office at 843-398-4501 or 911.  At this time, Darlington County Sheriff’s Office and SLED are investigating to determine what happened at this incident location. This is an ongoing investigation and other information will be released as it is determined.