ECORSE (WWJ) – It was just an ordinary night at the Ecorse Police Department until four bleeding men rushed inside for help, claiming they had been shot at a gas station down the street.  Moments earlier, the men had stopped at the BP gas station on West Jefferson Avenue and Union Street. Abdulrazaq Ahmed, the station’s overnight clerk, said the whole thing unfolded early Tuesday right outside his window.  Ahmed told WWJ’s Mike Campbell a car pulled up to a pump and two of the victims came inside to pay for gas. He said the men were walking back to their car when bullets started flying.  “I heard the shooting gun, probably like four times, and I looked outside and one guy was holding his hand, maybe he got shot in his hand,” Ahmed said.  Sgt. Bill McCaig said it appears the victims were ambushed.  “An unknown subject wearing all black came up to the passenger side of the vehicle while they were pumping gas and shot two rounds into the car. Subjects then exited the vehicle and started running, and then he started firing at the subjects. From there, approximately four rounds were fired,” McCaig said.  The victims then ran to the police station to seek help. All four were taken to the hospital with gunshot wounds; two were treated and released. All are described as being in their 20s. The driver of their vehicle, a female, was not seriously injured and refused treatment at the scene.  The group was apparently and at a bar just prior to the shooting. It’s possible the gunman followed the group from the bar to the gas station, where the shooting occurred, according to investigators.  “Basically it was a birthday party. It started at one of the victims’ house, you know, they had a few drinks, they’re all over 21. They were going to go to a last call at a bar,” McCaig said. “They had a suspicious vehicle that had been basically following them all night. They have a pretty good idea of who it is but they don’t want to tell us.”  Police say they’re still sorting out the details and are interviewing the victims. A description of the gunman was not immediately available.  Anyone who might have information on the shooting is urged to contact police at 313-381-0900.