GREENSBORO, N.C. – One man is dead and four wounded after a shooting early Saturday morning in downtown Greensboro.  Police said it started around 2:35 a.m. as several people were leaving clubs in the area around South Elm and Lewis streets.  Some of the people started arguing, which led to a physical fight and eventually at least two people exchanged gunshots, according to Greensboro police.  Police said several officers in the area heard the gunshots and responded on foot.  Officer Jose M. Chavez, 54, fired his weapon and hit one of the suspects, Michael Wayne Davis, 28, of High Point, who was actively shooting, according to authorities.  That suspect is currently hospitalized in stable condition with non-life threatening injuries, police said.  Officials said the other wounded people were taken to local hospitals for non-life threatening wounds. One man was killed and four injured.  The man who was fatally shot was identified as 28-year-old Mark Shayne Davis of High Point. He was not shot by the officer.  Jacoby Conner, 23, of Winston-Salem, remains hospitalized in stable condition with non-life-threatening wounds.  Derrick Parsons, 24, of Winston-Salem, and September Cornelia White, 30, of High Point, were treated and released from the hospital, according to police.  Greensboro police are investigating the use of force by the officer who fired the shot. Police said that officer will be placed on administrative leave while the investigation is conducted.  Detectives are in the preliminary stages of investigating the case. Police said witness accounts are conflicting.  Detectives said they have determined that the shooting was not gang-related, although what sparked the incident remains unclear.  Chavez is a patrol officer in Central Division and joined the Greensboro Police Department in September of 1999.  Anyone with any information can call Crime Stoppers at 336-373-1000, or by texting 274637 (CRIMES) with the keyword badboyz. Calls and texts are anonymous and confidential.