JOHNSON COUNTY, Ind. - A man killed himself before police could arrest him overnight in Johnson County after he shot and killed a 19-year-old woman and another person, and injured two other people, investigators confirmed.  The Franklin Police Department said at roughly 10:30 p.m. Monday, a shooting was reported on Bridlewood Drive.  Franklin police chief Tim O'Sullivan told RTV6 a domestic issue between exes led Andrew Parish, 21, to an altercation at his ex-girlfriend's home.  Investigators said the situation escalated, prompting someone from the house to run across the street to ask for help from a neighbor.  Neighbor Ernest Jasper and his two sons responded to the home to help.  Police said Parish fatally shot his ex-girlfriend's roommate -- 19-year-old Sara Davidson -- and injured three others -- Jasper, one of his sons, and the ex-girlfriend's mother.  Jasper was on life support at the hospital, but he was pronounced dead Tuesday morning. His son, 21-year-old Dustin Grey remained at Eskenazi Health in stable condition. The mother was treated and released.  Police were able to track down Parish 2 to 3 miles northwest of Franklin. After neighbors reported seeing a suspicious car near grain bins on a property along the 2500 block of County Road 400 North, police found it and confirmed it was the same type of vehicle they were looking for.  As they approached the car on foot, investigators said they recognized him as the suspect, but he shot and killed himself with a rifle. The Johnson County Sheriff's Office and the county coroner's office both assisted police in investigating the scene.  "We're pretty certain from what we're seeing at the grain bin, that this young man was armed with lots of ammunition. From what we could see inside his vehicle, I think he was prepared to harm more than just himself," Johnson County Sheriff Doug Cox said.  Police said the crime was premeditated and Parish left a suicide note.  Franklin officials said there was no known history of domestic violence between Parish and his ex-girlfriend.  Watch RTV6 and refresh this page for updates.