Westover Police vehicles are parked outside Doug’s Towing in Westover after three separate shooting incidents, including one at Doug’s Towing, left four people dead Monday. State Police say they’re seeking one suspect in all the shootings. Monongalia County 911 director Mike Wolfe said police are seeking Jody Lee Hunt, 39, of Westover. Police also are searching for a 2011 Ford F-150 extended-cab truck.  A Westover man who police believe was responsible for four fatal shootings in Monongalia County Monday morning was found dead Monday evening, according to West Virginia State Police.  Jody Lee Hunt, 39, had taken to social media to say he blamed a disloyal lover for his actions.  A body matching his description was found Monday evening in his truck off of U.S. Route 19, near the Monongalia/Marion county line, according to West Virginia State Police spokesman Lt. Michael Baylous.  The body was found in a black Ford F-150 extended-cab pickup with a tonneau cover on the bed and a blacked-out license plate.  One of the shooting victims, Sharon Kay Berkshire, 39, of Westover, had posted on Nov. 7 the same picture of the truck that police released to media with the caption “New ride for this girl!”  Baylous identified two of the other victims as Doug Brady, owner of Doug’s Towing, and Michael David Frum, 28, of Maidsville. Baylous said the shooting in which Berkshire and Frum were killed took place on Sunset Beach Road in the Cheat Lake area.  The other victim was Hunt’s cousin, Jody Taylor, 43.  The Dominion Post newspaper in Morgantown reported that two other shootings took place at Doug’s Towing in Westover and on Sweet Pea Lane, off Chaplin Road.  Baylous said more than one shooting is being investigated as a murder. He deferred questions about the shootings in Westover and on Sweet Pea Lane to the Monongalia County Sheriff’s Department.  The owner of another Monongalia County towing company, J&J Towing, is listed as Jody L. Hunt on the West Virginia Secretary of State’s Office website.  A dispatcher also confirmed on Monday afternoon that that was the owner’s name.  The dispatch center for Doug’s Towing answered the company’s phone Monday afternoon.  The dispatcher said it was not typical for him to be answering calls for the towing company at that time of day. The dispatch center, which is in Fairmont, typically only answers calls for the towing company when it is closed.  Westover police Sgt. M. Starsick said all schools in Monongalia County were placed on lockdown Monday, but police have no reason to believe schools were being targeted. “It’s just a precaution though,” he said. “In no way, shape or form have the schools been involved in this incident.”  A recent Facebook post of Hunt’s was frequently shared on social media Monday afternoon. In the post, Hunt speaks of vengeance. He says “my actions were wrong but in my eyes just.”  He said he blamed the disloyal “love of my life” for “the devastation I caused to a few people[’s] lives” and hints at intending to kill himself.  He also wrote “Missing you!” on Berkshire’s page on Thursday.  Berkshire filed a domestic violence petition against Hunt last month, The Associated Press reported. Court records indicate that there are no domestic violence protective orders currently in place.  Tonia Thomas, team coordinator for the West Virginia Coalition Against Domestic Violence, said in most cases when victims are killed by an intimate partner, friends and family probably saw signs of abuse.  “I think people should know domestic violence is prevalent,” she said. “In many cases, it is lethal, and it should be taken seriously.”  She said that while she didn’t know the specifics of the Morgantown case, it was very likely that the shooting was not the first incidence of violence in the relationship.  “I think as West Virginians we can do a better job of taking better care of each other and holding every citizen accountable for what they do,” she said.  She recommended that friends of abusers call them out on their behavior, as long as they feel safe doing so.  She also recommended referring victims to a local domestic violence program.  “What we have found is when victims have contact with a domestic violence program, they are less likely to die,” she said. “Most of the people who have been killed never had any contact with a domestic violence program.”  The shootings come more than a year after another mass shooting in north-central West Virginia.  The Exponent Telegram newspaper of Clarksburg reported in October that the trial for Sidney Arthur Muller, 28, of Fairmont, was postponed — for a third time — from early November to mid-April.  Muller, who police said had a drug-related motive, allegedly killed Christopher Hart, 26, and Todd Amos, 29, on July 26, 2013, in Hart’s apartment in Clarksburg. He then allegedly shot dead two innocent bystanders, Fred Swiger, 70, and son Freddie Swiger, 47, outside. Both were longtime newspaper carriers for the Exponent Telegram.  The shooting also comes about three years after another mass shooting related to domestic violence in Monongalia County.  State Police said Shayne Riggleman, 22, shot five people in a rural home near Morgantown in September 2011. The victims included a woman who was six months pregnant and her 17-year-old brother, whom a family friend said was dating Riggleman’s ex-girlfriend.  Reach Erin Beck at erin.beck@wvgazette.com, 304-348-5163 or follow @erinbeckwv on Twitter.