Four people, including two boys, ages 13 and 14, were shot in an attack in the Washington Park neighborhood Monday afternoon, relatives and authorities said.  The four were shot in the 5700 block of South Michigan Avenue about 4:43 p.m., one boy in the left side of the chest, the other boy in the left hand, said Police News Affairs Officer Veejay Zala.  The boy shot in the chest was taken to Comer Children's Hospital for treatment, while the other boy was in good condition at a local hospital, Zala said. Relatives and friends at Comer said the two hospitalized there were ages 13 and 14.  Both victims at Comer were in critical condition Monday night, according to a hospital spokesman. Police, who listed the ages of the boys as 14 and 15, said both teens treated at Comer had been shot in the chest  The two others wounded in the shooting were both taken to John H. Stroger Hospital. A 15-year-old boy was treated for gunshot wounds to his wrist and knee and was released from Stroger Monday night. the fourth victim, a 21-year-old man, was shot in his lower back. He was listed in "guarded" condition at Stroger, police said.  The victims were in a vestibule in a building in the area when someone approached and fired shots at them, police said.  Area residents who know some of the victims said they were leaving the apartment building where they were shot when several people entered the building and started shooting.  All four victims know each other, and the younger victims had gotten home from school not long before the shooting, one of those at the scene said.  "Everybody grew up here together. They just got out of school," said Mysta Turner, 19, who said he knew the victims.  Friends at the hospital said while he was seriously injured, the 13-year-old, who was shot in the arm and shoulder, was awake and alert enough to wave to one of them from his hospital bed.  A step-grandmother and two cousins of the 14-year-old hospitalized at Comer hugged and laughed outside the hospital Monday night around 9 p.m. They found out a half hour earlier that although he had been shot in the chest, he was going to survive.  "My grandson, he made it," said Charmain Askew.  She said that he is a good student who was in the wrong place at the wrong time.  "All kids got their ups and downs, but he is a good kid," Askew said.  The Carter Elementary School student plays running back in football and boxed with the Chicago Boxing Club in Little Village.  While he was shocked his cousin lived, Cornelius Malik El Shabazz, 20, said he wasn't surprised that he got shot in the city of Chicago.  "You see people get shot every day in the news," he said. "Except you get numb to it."  Shabazz said that another of his cousins and a cousin of the 14-year-old, Vaughn Holeman, who is the same age was killed this summer, at 115th Street and Princeton Avenue. He believes Davonte was not the target.  "He's a great dude," his cousin, Shabazz said. "I know it's not (intended) for him. He has too much to offer the world to be taken."  The shooting took place in an area that is seeing heavy gang conflict involving a gang to which at least three of the victims belong and another gang, according to police, but authorities have not said whether any of those injured were the intended targets.  A Chicago Fire Department spokesman said ambulances had treated victims at the Michigan Avenue location, but referred all calls to police News Affairs.  Check back for updates.