Sorry, your browser doesn't support Flash , needs a Flash update , or has Flash disabled. You need Flash to watch this video.  Sorry, your browser doesn't support Flash , needs a Flash update , or has Flash disabled. You need Flash to watch this video.  Police have identified the person sought in a killing spree in Montgomery County that left six people dead.Bradley William Stone, 35, of Pennsburg, Pa., is being sought in the deaths of those six people.The Montgomery County DA says Stone is described as 5'10" and weighs 195 pounds. He has a red or auburn beard and mustache with closely cropped hair. Stone is known to use a cane or walker to assist him, the DA said, and he may be wearing military fatigues, in either sand or green color.The DA says: "Stone should be considered armed and dangerous. Anyone with information about Stone's whereabouts is asked to call 9-1-1 immediately. Do not approach him.Police are conducting an extensive search in and around Pennsburg, at both known and outdoor locations where Stone may be located.People in that area should remain indoors, keep their doors locked and call 911 if they think they have seen the suspect.The suspected gunman remains on the loose after a killing spree in Montgomery County that left six people dead at multiple locations.A woman was found dead in Lower Salford Township, two people were found dead in Lansdale and two people were found dead in Souderton.Meanwhile, police remain on the scene of a fourth location in Pennsburg. The exact situation in Pennsburg is not yet known.This as law enforcement sources say the death toll in this killing spree is likely to rise.Investigators believe it all began at 3:55 a.m. at the Pheasant Run Apartments the 100 block of Main Street in Lower Salford Twp. Police arrived to find a woman shot to death. Two bullet holes in the wall could be seen from outside."I heard 3 or 4 gunshots. I heard the kids yelling, saying 'Mommy no! mommy no!'" He kept saying 'We gotta go, we gotta go," a neighbor said.The neighbor continued "I asked him if everything was OK and I saw the kids and the kids' father exiting the house and they didn't have any coats on or anything. They just had their pajamas on.""He was like 'She's hurt pretty bad, we gotta leave," the neighbor continued.Police confirm the suspect took two children from the Lower Salford Twp. apartment during this incident, but were found safe a short distance away.Neighbors say there has been an ongoing custody dispute between the mother and father.A second call came in half an hour later, at 4:25 a.m., for another shooting in the 100 block of West 5th Street in Lansdale. Officers arrived at that location to find two more people shot and killed.Then shortly after 8 a.m., police found two people dead at a home at Franklin and Garfield streets in Souderton.The discovery of those bodies was followed by a standoff at a home at Penn and Highland avenues in Souderton.The situation apparently ended shortly before noon with a loud boom, possibly from a flash-bang, as police made entry into the home. Sources say a teenager was found injured and rushed to the hospital.After that, sources said the suspected gunman was still at large.Sources say all the victims were shot a close range.