Bail set for suspect accused of shooting five at weekend wedding reception  Related story Police report: Fight didn’t ruin Las Vegas wedding reception; gunshots did  The man accused of shooting five people during a wedding reception this past weekend was arraigned today on a laundry list of felony charges, including four counts of attempted murder.  Peter Andrade, 24, Las Vegas, appeared today in Las Vegas Justice Court. Judge Diana Sullivan appointed a public defender to represent Andrade and ordered his bail set at $400,000, according to court records.  In addition to four counts of attempted murder with use of a deadly weapon, court records show Andrade also is charged with two counts of battery with use of a deadly weapon and single counts of discharging a gun in a prohibited area, carrying a concealed weapon without a permit and possession of a gun by a prohibited person.  According to a Metro arrest report, Andrade fired five shots at a man Saturday while in the men’s restroom during the reception at El Palacio Del Sol banquet hall, 953 E. Sahara Ave. The victim was able to get out of the restroom and shouted that he had been shot.  Wedding guests tackled Andrade as he tried to make his way to the door and began kicking and punching him. That’s when, the police report said, Andrade pulled out his gun a second time and fired three shots.  One shot hit a man in the left arm and ankle, another shot hit a man in the right elbow, a third shot hit a man's left forearm and grazed a woman in the upper thigh, the report said.  Andrade, with the help of his girlfriend, was able to escape through the front door before security officers caught and detained him.  One man was transported to University Medical Center in critical condition with 10 gunshot wounds. The other four who had been shot suffered injuries that were not life-threatening, police said.  Andrade, a convicted felon, told police he had become a member of Nevada Trece prison gang while serving in Nevada State Prison. Members of his girlfriend’s family – who also were at the reception – were from the rival 28th Street Gang, causing bad blood between them, the report said.  Andrade claimed he had gone into the restroom during the party and was hit from behind in the head. He heard three gunshots and then ran, the report said. That’s when a crowd of people attacked him, he said, and then he heard several more gunshots.  Andrade remains in the Clark County Detention Center. He is scheduled to return to court March 6 for a preliminary hearing.