One person died and four others were wounded, including one hospitalized in critical condition, when gunfire erupted inside a packed Murray Hill nightclub early Sunday.  Jacksonville police have reported no arrests nor named any suspects in the multiple shootings about 4 a.m. inside Fat Kat, 1187 S. Edgewood Ave., which has been the scene of previous shootings.  More than 200 people were inside Fat Kat when off-duty patrol officers working outside the nightclub heard gunshots fired inside the business and reported it. The preliminary investigation showed four of the victims, including the one who died, were taken in a private vehicle to the hospital. The person with life-threatening injuries was transported by Jacksonville Fire Rescue, according to the Jacksonville Sheriff’s Office.  Fear lingered in the neighborhood hours after the police took down the crime-scene tape that had cordoned a one-block section of South Edgewood at Roosevelt Boulevard containing Fat Kat and a variety of small businesses, including a tavern where locals shared a family-style potluck featuring homemade barbecue and pasta.  “As a business owner, I’m extremely concerned about it, and have had concerns for quite a while,” said Karen Nigara, who owns The Alibi tavern across the street from Fat Kat.  Nigara said the shootings at Fat Kat affect her business.  “My regular customers are somewhat intimidated to come in here on the nights that the club has events, so they shy away from coming,” Nigara said. “It’s perceived, whether it’s true or not, by many people in the neighborhood and my regular customers that it’s a dangerous crowd over there. And obviously from last night, it is dangerous.”  The nightclub’s management couldn’t be reached for comment Sunday.  It’s fine that the club has off-duty police officers as part of its security, but “what good does it do?” said Nigara, who’s owned the tavern for seven years.  George and Sharon Higginbotham are among those from the neighborhood who come to the tavern. The Alibi is a friendly place where locals gather to socialize. Bad behavior is not tolerated there, Higginbotham said.  “This is a family establishment. We all come in here and feel safe and secure. But when they start over there [Fat Kat] it kind of clears us out of here because of what goes on over there,” Higginbotham said.  Fat Cat has been the scene of prior shootings.  “Seems like there’s always something going on in there. People don’t want to talk about it because they don’t want trouble,” said a man who identified himself only as Ike and said he has friends living in the neighborhood.  On Oct. 26,a private security guard was shot in the thigh inside the nightclub as off-duty police officers worked outside.  Jacksonville officials temporarily closed down the club on Sept. 8, 2003 following a double shooting outside the business a month earlier. The Drug Abatement Response Team, also known as DART, condemned the nightclub. which had been under police scrutiny since two men were shot and wounded there during the early morning hours of Aug. 4, 2003.  “If there is one more incident like that over there [shooting], then we will seek another place to go. I won’t risk my wife’s life coming here,” said Higginbotham, adding they would miss The Alibi.  Nigara and others at the tavern said they hope police will solve the multiple-shooting case quickly. They also hope city officials will look into what could be done to prevent future problems.  Meanwhile, the Sheriff’s Office asks that anyone with information about the Sunday shooting contact its Homicide Unit at (904) 630-0500 or First Coast Crimestoppers at (866)-845-TIPS.  Teresa Stepzinski: (904) 359-4075