Facebook Cops say Sherie Lash Rhoades opened fire during the tribal eviction hearing in Alturas, California.  An eviction hearing at an American Indian headquarters in Northern California turned bloody when a former tribal leader went berserk, killing four people, including three members of her own family, cops said.  Two women were also wounded when Cherie Lash Rhoades, former chairwoman of Cedarville Rancheria, went berserk during the meeting, authorities said.  After running out of bullets the bloodthirsty woman allegedly grabbed a butcher knife and stabbed one of the victims.  The suspect, who was being eyed by the feds over a missing $50,000 was “systematically shooting individuals,” said Alturas police chief Ken Barnes.  “This is like nothing I have had to deal with in my 25 years of being with the city of Alturas. It's just tragic.”  Facebook Rhoades herself was a former Rancheria tribal leader. The current leader was among the dead, authorities said.  When cops arrived on the scene Thursday afternoon Rhoades was running around in front of the building with the knife still in her hands, Barnes said.  A Rancheria employee helped tackle her and she was taken into custody, Barnes said. She faces murder and attempted murder charges.  The four dead included the suspect's brother, 50-year-old Rurik Davis, her niece, 19-year-old Angel Penn and her nephew, 30-year-old Glenn Calonicco, Modoc County Sheriff Mike Poindexter said.  The other person killed was identified as Sheila Ross, 47, who was not related to the suspect.  Barnes had said one of the dead victims is the tribe's leader.  KRCR Cops said when they arrived on the scene Rhoades was running around outside the tribal headquarters waving a butcher knife.  One of the people wounded was alert and talking. The other remained in critical condition.  The bloodshed began during a tribal meeting about evicting Rhoades and her son from her home at the Rancheria, which is in remote northeastern California, about 30 miles south of the Oregon border.  One person who managed to escape the massacre ran to the Alturas police station covered in the blood of other victims and alerted authorities, Barnes said.  The stabbing victim and one of the shooting victims — both women — were taken to a Redding hospital, the Redding Record-Searchlight reported.  Facebook The hearing at the Rancheria tribe’s headquarters in Alturas turned into a bloodbath Thursday.  Investigators said they found two guns but Barnes said he didn't know whether both had been used in the shooting, the Record-Searchlight said.  The spelling of Rhoades’ first name varied among news reports. Some spelled it as Sherie.  According to its website the Cedarville Rancheria is a federally recognized tribe with 35 members.  The tribe’s headquarters in Alturas is about 15 miles from the Rancheria property.  With News Wire Services