The home where the deadly shooting took place. (March 5, 2014/FOX Carolina)  Highway 86 was blocked following the wreck on Wednesday. (March 5, 2014/FOX Carolina)  The scene of the wreck near Highway 86 in Piedmont. (iWitness)  Jared Williams was brought to the sheriff's office after leaving the hospital on Thursday. (March 6, 2014/FOX Carolina)  A second suspect is being held in Anderson County Detention Center on a murder charge in connection with Wednesday's shooting that left three dead, according to Anderson County Sheriff's Office spokesperson Lt. Sheila Cole.  Cole confirmed the girlfriend of the man that led officers on a two-county chase is being held on a murder charge in connection with the incident where deputies discovered several gunshot victims at a home on Law Street off Highway 8 in Pelzer at 2:45 p.m. on Wednesday.    Anderson County Deputy Coroner Don McCown identified the victims as 43-year-old Wanda Renee Anderson, of Pelzer, 48-year-old Victor Vandegrift and 32-year-old Hank Eaton, who all died in the incident. He said the fourth victim, Tara Hendricks, survived and was taken to the hospital with non-life-threatening injuries.  McCown said Eaton and Vandegrift lived at the Law Street home where shots were fired and Anderson did not live far away.    Jared Michael Williams, 34, of Williamston, and his girlfriend 19-year-old Hope Phillips were visiting the home when an argument broke out and shots were fired, according to McCown.  According to the deputy's incident report, Williams and one of the men were arguing and Williams shot him. The report said deputies spoke with Hendricks about what happened and she said the man Williams shot first was her brother. Deputies did not say which victim was Hendricks' brother.  Hendricks told deputies she was able to hide under the bed after she was shot, the report stated. She told deputies Williams then shot her and the other man, the report stated.  According to the report, Williams waited for Anderson to enter the home, then shot her before fleeing in a pickup truck.    McCown said they believe William's girlfriend, Phillips, left the home with him after the shooting.    Cole confirmed Phillips is being held on a murder charge on Thursday night. Cole said it's unclear if warrants have been served for the murder charge against Phillips at this time.  Phillips' mother said to FOX Carolina News that she kicked her out of her home because of drug use.    Shooting leads to two-county chase    Skipper said they began looking for the pickup truck Williams may have been in after leaving the home and were able to locate it with the help of a Greenville County Sheriff's Office helicopter.  Deputies chased the truck for 15 to 20 minutes before it went onto Timms Road off Highway 86, where the suspect jumped out and ran through the woods, according to the sheriff.    Skipper said the suspect then stole a truck at a construction site and the chase continued into Greenville County along Highway 81 in Piedmont.  Williams shot at officers while the chase was happening, according to Greenville County Deputy Drew Pinciaro.    The suspect was then taken into custody after the truck struck a house near Highway 86 and Hammett Street in Piedmont. FOX Carolina crews on the scene said Highway 86 was shut down following the wreck.  Lt. Sheila Cole said Williams was injured during the collision and was taken to Greenville Memorial Hospital. He was released from the hospital and booked into the Anderson County Detention Center Thursday afternoon.    Sgt. Jonathan Brown said the relationship between the suspect and the victims is unknown at this time.  More information is expected to be released at 2 p.m. Friday when Sheriff John Skipper and 10th Circuit Assistant Solicitor Rame Campbell will hold a press conference on the case.  Both Williams and Phillips are expected to appear before a judge Friday.    Neighbors describe shooting, chase scenes  Gladys Waters lives near the Law Street home where deputies said the victims were shot. She said she was getting the mail when she got the shock of her life.  "By the time I had gotten that mail right here, that girl had come running up and fell right on my front porch," Waters said.  Waters said that girl was Hendricks. She said she was bleeding and running for safety, asking her to call 911.  "She turned around and locked my front door, locked both locks on it and with her back against it, like she's trying to keep somebody out," Waters said.  Waters and other neighbors said they were shocked by events that unfolded Wednesday, saying nothing like that had ever happened before.    Copyright 2014 FOX Carolina (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.