Story highlights 16 other people were injured at the Army installation  The suspect died from a self-inflicted gunshot wound  The soldier had mental health issues, an official says  Incident may have started as a soldier-on-soldier attack, sources say  Authorities have identified the man who opened fire at Fort Hood in Texas on Wednesday, killing three people before committing suicide, as Specialist Ivan Lopez.  Sixteen more people were injured Wednesday when he opened fire at Fort Hood, the sprawling Army post in Texas still on edge after a mass shooting there left 13 dead in 2009, officials said.  The gunman also died. He was engaged by military police before he fatally shot himself in the head, said the Army post's commander, Lt. Gen. Mark A. Milley.  The suspect, a soldier who had served in Iraq, "had behavioral health and mental health" issues, Milley told reporters late Wednesday.  JUST WATCHED Doctor: Ft. Hood patients in good spirits Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Doctor: Ft. Hood patients in good spirits 01:41  The general said there was no known motive for the shooting.  Map: Fort Hood  JUST WATCHED Fort Hood confirms active shooter on base Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Fort Hood confirms active shooter on base 02:18  JUST WATCHED US officials: Fort Hood shooter is dead Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH US officials: Fort Hood shooter is dead 02:43  "There is no indication that this incident is related to terrorism, although we are not ruling anything out," he said.  The initial report is the incident started as a soldier-on-soldier attack, law enforcement sources told CNN.  Scott & White Hospital in Temple, Texas, was treating eight patients with another expected to arrive shortly, said Dr. Glen Couchman, the chief medical officer. Three patients were in critical condition, while "the remaining are all seriously injured," he said.  Other patients were taken to Darnall Army Medical Center, not far from the Medical Brigade building where the shooting occurred, according a soldier who lives nearby and spoke on the condition of anonymity.  The suspected shooter was wearing combat fatigues, said a U.S. official briefed on the shooting. He was armed with a .45-caliber Smith & Wesson handgun that he purchased recently, said Milley.  President Barack Obama was briefed and said Wednesday evening "we're heartbroken something like this might have happened again."  He was referring to the November 2009 massacre.  "I want to just assure all of us we are going to get to the bottom of exactly what happened," the President said.  While aboard Air Force One, Obama received an update from top defense and FBI leaders about Wednesday's shooting at Fort Hood, the White House said in a statement.  He commended "military personnel, first responders, and medical staff who responded swiftly and heroically to the horrific shooting."  The President also called for "his team to utilize every resource available to fully investigate the shooting."  Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel also was monitoring the situation. He described what happened as a "terrible tragedy."  Earlier, Fort Hood's official Twitter feed asked that all personnel on post shelter in place.  11 photos: Fort Hood shooting 11 photos: Fort Hood shooting Fort Hood shooting – Luci Hamlin and her husband, Spc. Timothy Hamlin, wait to get back to their home at Fort Hood after a shooting at the Texas Army post on Wednesday, April 2. Multiple people were killed and others injured when a shooter opened fire, a senior military official and law enforcement official told CNN. The officials said the suspected shooter was among the dead. Hide Caption 1 of 11 11 photos: Fort Hood shooting Fort Hood shooting – A police officer checks drivers' IDs outside the main gate at Fort Hood. Hide Caption 2 of 11 11 photos: Fort Hood shooting Fort Hood shooting – Krystina Cassidy and Dianna Simpson, waiting outside the Bernie Beck Gate at Fort Hood, try to contact their husbands, who are stationed at the post. Hide Caption 3 of 11 11 photos: Fort Hood shooting Fort Hood shooting – A Bell County Sheriff's Department official stands near a vehicle as cars are checked at the Bernie Beck Gate. Hide Caption 4 of 11 11 photos: Fort Hood shooting Fort Hood shooting – An ambulance makes its way to Fort Hood. Hide Caption 5 of 11 11 photos: Fort Hood shooting Fort Hood shooting – Military personnel and civilians wait outside Fort Hood for updates on the situation. Hide Caption 6 of 11 11 photos: Fort Hood shooting Fort Hood shooting – Vehicles wait at a closed entrance to Fort Hood. Hide Caption 7 of 11 11 photos: Fort Hood shooting Fort Hood shooting – A military police officer stops a car. Hide Caption 8 of 11 11 photos: Fort Hood shooting Fort Hood shooting – Traffic near the main gate of Fort Hood. Hide Caption 9 of 11 11 photos: Fort Hood shooting Fort Hood shooting – Lt. Savanah Hess, a nurse, waits in her car to enter the locked-down post. Hide Caption 10 of 11 11 photos: Fort Hood shooting Fort Hood shooting – Military police direct traffic outside Fort Hood. Hide Caption 11 of 11  JUST WATCHED Soldier calls from Fort Hood shelter Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Soldier calls from Fort Hood shelter 01:50  JUST WATCHED Obama: We will get to the bottom of this Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Obama: We will get to the bottom of this 02:14  Sheriff's deputies from Bell County and state troopers assisted by securing the area around the post, according to Bell County Sheriff's Lt. Donnie Adams. Authorities in the town of Killeen, just outside the gates, were also standing by to help.  "We are very concerned. Fort Hood is always there for us and we want to be there for them," said Killeen Mayor Dan Corbin.  He continued: "They are used to dealing with combat situations, and I'm sure they are very capable of handling this."  The lockdown was lifted just prior to 9 p.m. (10 p.m. ET), military personnel at the front gate told CNN.  On November 5, 2009, Army Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan opened fire at Fort Hood, killing 13 people and injuring 32.  He shot fellow soldiers at the processing center. Prosecutors maintained that the American-born Muslim underwent a progressive radicalization that led to the massacre.  Hasan allegedly picked that day because it was when the units he was scheduled to deploy with to Afghanistan were scheduled to go through the processing center.  The former Army psychiatrist was convicted of premeditated murder, and a military jury recommended that Hasan be put to death.  Wednesday's shooting reminded many in the central Texas community of that incident.  "Today, Ft. Hood was once again stricken by tragedy. As Texans, our first priority must be caring for the victims and their families. Ft. Hood has proven its resilience before, and will again. Texas will support those efforts in any way we can, with any resources necessary," said Gov. Rick Perry.  U.S. Sen. John Cornyn said in a statement that no community should have to experience such violence once, let alone twice.  "Tonight, Texans' hearts are once again very heavy. The scenes coming from Fort Hood today are sadly too familiar and still too fresh in our memories," he said.  According to the Fort Hood website, the post is one of the largest in the world with 45,414 assigned soldiers and 8,900 civilian employees.  The installation, which encompasses 214,000 acres, is home to two divisions -- the Army's 1st Cavalry and the 4th Infantry (Mechanized). There are 12 other units attached or based there.