AURORA — Sonny Archuleta was a talented guy, an artist who filled his garage walls with graffiti murals and fashioned molten glass into pipes and bongs, according to neighbors.  But Archuleta, 33, apparently went over the edge on Saturday, killing three before police shot him to death after he opened fire on them from the townhouse where he lived with his wife, Stephanie Philbrook Archuleta, 30.  Police have not officially identified the gunman, or his victims, who were found dead in the home after the six-hour standoff ended Saturday morning. But neighbors and other sources say the shooter was Archuleta, and that the victims were his wife's father, Anthony Ticali, her sister, Stacie Philbrook and Philbrook's boyfriend.  Philbrook Archuleta escaped the home by jumping from the second floor window. She didn't want to talk to media, her mother, Shannon Ticali, said Sunday.  "Stephanie needs to grieve the loss of her sister and dad," Ticali said.  After escaping from the home, Philbrook Archuleta told police her husband was mentally unbalanced, according to a police source. Authorities are investigating the possibility that the gunman was a methamphetamine user.  The Archuletas rented the townhouse from Stacie Philbrook, and had lived there together for about a year, said Melissa Wright, 33, who lives across an alley from the townhouse in the 16000 block of East Ithaca Place.  They were an "odd-couple," said Wright, a registered nurse at the Medical Center of Aurora, who worked at a drug rehabilitation facility in the past. "His eyes were always dilated, he was very loud and running around all the time. I'm a nurse, my job is to assess people and he seemed like he was on drugs.  "She didn't seem anything like that, she was very reserved. She seemed like a good girl; Stacie, too," Wright said of Philbrook Archuleta and her sister.  Doug Welch, a neighbor, said he frequently saw Archuleta outside the house working on his motorcycle. Inside the couple's garage, Welch said, he could see large murals that Archuleta had painted.  Wright said Archuleta built the motorcycle himself, and practiced glass blowing. "He was a talented guy."  The couple had been married for at least seven years, said a woman who knows the family, but asked that her name not be used because she didn't want to speak for them.  "Sonny and Stephanie definitely loved each other," Ticali said. They were married in a civil ceremony by a justice of the peace, but on their second anniversary the couple tied the knot again at a religious ceremony at the Word of Life Christian Center, Ticali said.  Philbrook Archuleta worked at the Word of Life Academy, a day-care and tutoring center at the church in Lone Tree.  "We need to pray for Stephanie. The loss of her sister, husband and other family member is beyond our understanding," Senior Pastor Mark Bagwell said at Sunday services.