Greenwood police make arrest in teen's death Posted: Sunday, April 7, 2013 8:08 AM EDT Updated: Tuesday, May 7, 2013 1:02 AM EDT  Greenwood police said they arrested a suspect in the fatal shooting of a 15-year-old at a birthday party Saturday night.  Dayterrius White, 17, was charged with murder in the death of Malik Birshon Padgett, of Columbia.  Greenwood police were investigating the fatal shooting after Malik died and four others were injured during the shooting along Tabor Street.    Greenwood County Coroner Sonny Cox said Padgett died from a single gunshot to the chest. Police said a large crowd gathered for a birthday party when several shots were fired by an unknown amount of people.  Five people were shot, including Malik, who was taken to Self Regional Hospital where he died, police said. The four other victims were treated for non-life-threatening injuries.  The shooting happened not far from the Greenwood Detention Center. Police have not said what prompted the shooting.  Malik's mother, Latarsha Padgett, spoke to FOX Carolina's Nikki Davidson and said her son was a high school freshman who lived with her in Colombia. Latarsha Padgett said they were visiting Greenwood on Malik's spring break.  "He had hopes and dreams for his life, he wanted to go to college and someone took that away from him," said Latarsha Padgett.  On Sunday, Latarsha Padgett begged for her son's shooter to turn themselves in.  "You get to walk around free, my son is gone," said Latarsha Padgett. "I have to bury him, but you get to walk around scott-free. I hope every night your heart breaks like mine does."  Officials with the city of Greenwood said they are doing all they can to solve crimes. Mayor Welborne Adams said he's proud of how the police staff worked around the clock in the last several days to arrest the suspect and said the city is attempting to add more officers to the streets.  "We have hired a gang investigator who will be discussing having a joint task force with the Greenwood County," said Adams. "We are looking at also hiring two more officers."  Greenwood police tell us they continue to ask the public for any information they may have about the case.    Anyone with information is asked to call Greenwood police at 864-942-8632 or call 911.  Copyright 2013 FOX Carolina (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.