(April 7, 11:55 a.m.) -- LBPD says a 23 year old LB man is dead -- and two men (adults) remain in critical condition -- in a quadruple-victim shooting just minutes after midnight Sunday (April 7). In a release, LBPD states: On Sunday, April 7, 2013, at approximately 12:05 a.m., Long Beach Police responded to the 300 block of East Home Street in regards to a shooting call, which resulted in the death of a male adult. Arriving officers discovered four male adult victims who had sustained gunshot wounds. Long Beach Fire Department personnel responded and transported all victims to local hospitals. Victim Randy Chapman, 23-years-old, of Long Beach, sustained injury to the upper torso and was pronounced deceased at the hospital. Two victims remain hospitalized in critical condition and another was treated and released. The preliminary investigation indicated the victims were outside of a residence when they were shot at multiple times. The suspect(s) then fled from the location. The motive for the shooting is unknown and the investigation remains ongoing. At this time, it is unknown if it is gang related and no additional suspect information is available. Anyone who may have information regarding this crime is urged to contact Long Beach Homicide Detectives Teryl Hubert and Mark Bigel at (562) 570-7244. Anyone wishing to remain anonymous may call 1-800-222-TIPS (8477), or text TIPLA plus your tip to 274637 (CRIMES), or visit www.LACrimeStoppers.org. (April 7, 2:40 a.m.) -- Now, it's murder. One male victim has died in the multiple victim shooting (previously reported by LBREPORT.com) which took place in the midnight hour Sunday (April 7) (details below). Further details from LBPD are pending and LBREPORT.com will update this story as we learn more. (April 7, 1:25 a.m.) -- LBREPORT.com has learned of a multiple victim shooting in the midnight hour Sunday (April 7) in the 300 block of E. Home St. (vicinity Locust Ave. about two blocks north of Del Amo Blvd. b/w Atlantic & LB Blvd.)  In very early, still developing information, LBPD Public Information Officer Marlene Arrona tells LBREPORT.com that at about 12:05 a.m. today, officers were dispatched to the 300 block of E. Home Street regarding a shooting. Officers found multiple victims who appear to be adults. LBFD personnel responded and transported victims to a hospital, the victims' conditions not immediately known. On Mar 22, just a few blocks to the south and west, a 10 year old boy was struck by gunfire -- while sitting next to his parents inside their vehicle while at a gas station -- in the area of Del Amo Blvd./Long Beach Blvd. A second victim was also hit by gunfire at the location. (LBREPORT.com coverage here and here). We'll update this this morning's murder/multiple victim shoowing as we learn more...on LBREPORT.com. Follow LBReport.com w/  Twitter  RSS  Facebook Return To Front Page Contact us: mail@LBReport.com