CHICAGO (CBS) — Seven men were wounded by gunfire on the South and West sides Monday, including four men who were shot by a lone gunman while they gathered on an Englewood porch.  Police said that about 4:15 p.m. a gunman snuck down a gangway in the 5700 block of South Lowe Avenue, opening fire on the four men – ages 19, 30, 32 and 34 – while they were on the porch.  The gunman, whose motive for shooting is believed to be gang-related, then fled the scene, police said.  Two of the men, ages 30 and 19, were taken to Mount Sinai Hospital with gunshot wounds to their legs.  Police said the other two men were both taken to John H. Stroger Jr. Hospital of Cook County – one with a bullet wound to the chest, the other with gunshot wounds to his stomach and arm.  All of the men were listed in “stable” condition police said.  Two more men were injured on the South Side several hours later when gang-related gunfire again erupted, this time during a drive-by shooting in the Auburn Gresham neighborhood, police said.  Police said a 23-year-old man, who is believed to have gang affiliation, was walking near South Peoria and West 79th streets when a grey-colored SUV pulled alongside and a passenger in the back seat opened fire several times.  The 23-year-old was shot in the leg, police said. A 21-year-old man who was on a nearby sidewalk was also injured after a bullet struck him in the stomach.  Officers believe the second man was not the gunman’s intended target, police said. The shooting occurred two blocks from the 6th District police station.  Both men were taken to Stroger where they were listed in “stable” condition, police said.  An hour later on the West Side a man was shot in a drive-by shooting in the Austin neighborhood, police said.  About 9:10 p.m., the 33-year-old man told police he was standing in the 1000 block of North Massasoit Avenue when a gunman in a grey vehicle opened fire, striking him in the leg.  The man was taken in “stable” condition to Loyola University Medical Center, police said.  (Source: Sun-Times Media Wire © Chicago Sun-Times 2013. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.)