Five people, including children, were injured in a morning shooting in Harvey, authorities in Jefferson Parish said.  The shooting began about 4:30 a.m. at an apartment complex in the 2300 block of Lapalco Boulevard.  Five people were injured in the shooting. More people were inside the apartment but weren't injured, investigators said.  Three of the victims were under 2 years old, another was a 23-month-old boy and the other two were women, investigators said. One of the young victims was shot multiple times.  Four people have been arrested in the incident with assistance from the NOPD. Officials said the suspects arrested have extensive criminal histories. The suspects include Davante Robertson, 19, Charlie A. Gumms, 18, Frankie Hookman, Jr., 21, and Lashawn Davis, 20.  At a news conference held at 4 p.m., Sheriff Newell Normand said an AK-47 was used in the attack and that a bar fight that happened six weeks ago instigated the shooting.  Three men fired in the home, striking the victims, Normand said. None of the victims in the home were involved in the altercation, Normand said.  "Anytime someone shoots three kids under 3 and two adult females, that's damn significant in my view," Normand said. "The fact of the matter is that these are cold-blooded killers."  Watch news conference  Shortly before the shooting, JPSO Deputies were at Helen Cox School next door to the complex to meet and arrest 20-year-old Glen Houston who was due to arrive at the school with a group of students returning from a field trip.  While Houston was being arrested, gunshots rang out at the apartments. As deputies headed towards the complex, a 2001 Honda Accord with several men inside sped out of the parking area towards Lapalco, authorities said.  A chase ensued across the Crescent City Connection and ended near the Mercedes-Benz Superdome on Lasalle Street. One of the men in the shooting jumped off an overpass on the Interstate to evade arrest, Normand said, but he suffered leg injuries and a head injury and was taken into custody.  The victims were taken to University Hospital, Fortunato said. The women were listed in stable condition. The boy was in critical, but stable condition, Fortunato said. The two girls were taken to Children's Hospital.  Normand showed a chart at the news conference at 4 p.m., which linked the men to various shootings in the parish.