Updated 06/12/13 – 2:13 p.m.  DARIEN, Ill. (CBS) — Four people have been found shot to death in an apparent murder-suicide at a home in unincorporated DuPage County near Darien.  CBS 2’s Mike Puccinelli reports a preliminary investigation indicated a man at the home shot his wife and two daughters, before turning the gun on himself.  “The daughters, as far as I understand, were wonderful people; and, clearly, they deserved a better fate than they got, and I think in time, the whole community will be seeking answers,” neighbor Kelly Glisan said. “They seemed to be a normal, happy family. They had dogs, pets that they interacted with. … I don’t think anybody saw that coming.”  WBBM Newsradio’s Bob Roberts reports police were called to the home at 555 Oldfield Road on Tuesday, after receiving a report of a disturbance. Officers found the bodies when they arrived.  The DuPage County Sheriff’s office said the four victims have been identified as 48-year-old Jeana Andrus, 22-year-old Jessica Andrus, 16-year-old Jennifer Andrus, and 50-year-old David Andrus. All four suffered fatal gunshot wounds.  Glisan was so moved by what happened that he stopped by the home on Wednesday to attach a condolence flower to the mailbox.  To those neighborhood residents who voiced concern, DuPage County Sheriff’s Police spokeswoman Dawn Domrose said, “This appears to be an isolated incident. There is no danger to anyone in the neighborhood, and right now this is in the preliminary stages, so it is an ongoing investigation.”  The crime scene is a block away from the Darien home in which Jeffery and Lori Kramer and their son Michael were shot to death in 2010. Just last month, Johnny Borizov was convicted of inducing Jacob Nodarse to commit those murders in the heat of a child custody battle.  “To have this happened twice in anybody’s lifetime is just so remarkable,” said neighbor Dan Marquez.  Tuesday night, investigators walked door-to-door, talking to residents, and searching for clues that might reveal what happened.  Glisan said, despite the two tragedies in recent years, the neighborhood is still a great place to raise a family.