Four people shot on Gardiner Lane; 3 dead Posted: Wednesday, June 19, 2013 4:36 PM EDT Updated: Thursday, June 20, 2013 8:46 AM EDT  The victim, a man in his 20s, was found shot to death near 43rd and Larkwood in the Shawnee neighborhood late Thursday.  The victim, a man in his 20s, was found shot to death near 43rd and Larkwood in the Shawnee neighborhood late Thursday.  Collin Clark, 22, competed at the Kentucky Muscle Bodybuilding Championship in Louisville and serves as an inspiration to many.  Collin Clark, 22, competed at the Kentucky Muscle Bodybuilding Championship in Louisville and serves as an inspiration to many.  Will Kyle Bolin or Lamar Jackson be Louisville's starting quarterback against Kentucky? Rick Bozich says Bolin gives the Cardinals their best chance to win.  Will Kyle Bolin or Lamar Jackson be Louisville's starting quarterback against Kentucky? Rick Bozich says Bolin gives the Cardinals their best chance to win.  Kyle Bolin gives Louisville the best chance to win against Kentucky. (Eric Crawford photo.)  Kyle Bolin gives Louisville the best chance to win against Kentucky. (Eric Crawford photo.)  BOZICH | Jackson or Bolin? Bolin or Jackson? Bolin gives U of L best chance against UK  BOZICH | Jackson or Bolin? Bolin or Jackson? Bolin gives U of L best chance against UK  Officer Clarence Beauford is often seen lying in wait or patrolling the Watterson Expressway and Interstate 71.  Officer Clarence Beauford is often seen lying in wait or patrolling the Watterson Expressway and Interstate 71.  Meet the man in "The Mustang" -- LMPD's most feared traffic officer  Meet the man in "The Mustang" -- LMPD's most feared traffic officer  Louisville Metro Animal Services and the Kentucky Humane Society are partnering with Best Friends Animal Society to offer free pet adoptions this weekend.  Louisville Metro Animal Services and the Kentucky Humane Society are partnering with Best Friends Animal Society to offer free pet adoptions this weekend.  For the people at Louisville's Multi-Metals, it's their time to shine.  For the people at Louisville's Multi-Metals, it's their time to shine.  A video posted on Twitter showing two men fighting at a crowded food court at the Mall St. Matthews on Thanksgiving has gone viral.  A video posted on Twitter showing two men fighting at a crowded food court at the Mall St. Matthews on Thanksgiving has gone viral.  LOUISVILLE, KY. (WDRB) -- LMPD homicide detectives have scheduled a news conference at 10:30 a.m. as they continue investigating a deadly quadruple shooting Wednesday that left three people dead and another person hospitalized.  Police say a juvenile girl, a 38-year-old female, and a 40-year-old man were among the three people who died.  We're told the surviving victim is a woman in her 60s.  Investigators tell us they believe the shooter is dead.  Crime tape roped off a section of buildings at the Lakeview Condominiums on Wednesday afternoon as neighbors stood nearby.  "When officers arrived they found three victims deceased here at the scene," said LMPD spokesperson Dwight Mitchell. "One person was taken to University Hospital. Their injuries appear to be life-threatening at this point."  Family and friends of the victims learned the news when stopping by Wednesday evening.  Molly Hoekstra lives below the condo where the shootings happened.  "Really scary. I've never felt unsafe here because all my neighbors are so nice and look out for everybody," says Molly Hoekstra.  She wasn't home at the time, but for those who were, they knew quickly that something was wrong.  Many people were at the pool when shots were fired in the nearby building.  "A man and his nephew or son who came running through and said shots were fired, somebody call the cops," said Alexa Hall.  "We tried to evacuate the pool as quickly as possible, but at that point we didn't know where the shooter was, so we didn't have anywhere to evacuate to I guess," said Alex Stengel, a lifeguard at the pool.  Neighbors are not sure if the man who lived in the condo is among the three victims.  "We see him around in the pool and he's very friendly. He's very kind. We've never heard anything out of the ordinary about him. He's just a nice guy," said Isabel Smith.  Police were not immediately sure of what may have led to the shooting, but may provide more details in today's news conference.  Neighbors believe the people involved in the shooting may have been related.  The victim who survived the shooting was listed in critical condition at University Hospital.  Copyright 2013 WDRB News. All rights reserved.