1 shot dead, 3 wounded in family 'nightmare'  Rene Segundo Soto, 21, had arrived in America a few months ago and was working construction jobs, sending money back to his parents and siblings, a relative said Saturday.  When gunfire exploded at dusk in the Kelvyn Park neighborhood Friday it killed a 21-year-old man from Mexico and left three of his cousins seriously wounded.  Women cry in a car while waiting to find out what hospital a shooting victim was taken to. Chicago police investigated the scene where multiple people were shot in the 2900 block of N. Kilpatrick Ave. (Brian Cassella, Chicago Tribune)  Segundo Soto was sitting on his porch on the 2900 block of North Kilpatrick Avenue with several family members when a gunman came around the corner on foot and opened fire, police and his relative said.  Segundo Soto and three of his adult cousins were wounded. Segundo Soto was found at the bottom of a stairway and was taken to Stroger Hospital where he later died, authorities said. Numerous shell casings could be seen outside the home.  A 30-year-old man was shot in the back, a 28-year-old man was shot in the arm and side, and a 17-year-old girl was shot in her head and wrist, police said. The three survivors were taken to Advocate Illinois Masonic Medical Center and are all in serious condition, police said.  Sandra Blancas, another cousin of Segundo Soto, spoke in Spanish Saturday about her slain family member, describing him as a humble and well-behaved man who didn't mess around in the wrong crowd.  She added the family is "confused" about how this could have happened.  "It's a nightmare," she said.  The family is hoping to send his body back to Mexico, Blancas said.  Five ambulances had been called to the brick bungalow about 8 p.m. Friday, according to the Fire Department's news office, and the four victims were rushed from the scene originally in critical condition.  The Cook County medical examiner's office identified the 21-year-old victim as Rene Soto, of the North Kilpatrick address.  Tribune reporter Naomi Nix contributed.    chicagobreaking@tribune.com  Twitter: @ChicagoBreaking