Three teen-aged boys have been charged with the shooting of a 6-year-old girl while she was riding a scooter on the Far South Side last week.  Landon Barker, 15, Terrence Lynom, 16, and Angelo Clark, 17, are charged with first-degree attempted murder and aggravated battery with a firearm, authorities said. Lynom and Barker both were ordered held today on $2.5 million bail, and Clark on $500,000.  Quianna Tomplins was riding on a sidewalk near a barbecue in the 300 block of West 105th Street when shots were fired around 8 p.m. Friday, police said. Witnesses told police they saw Barker, Lynom and Clark walk up, and Lynom and Barker began firing at the crowd, authorities said.  Quianna was struck in the chest and a woman in her 50s was shot in the thigh. Quianna remains in critical condition at Advocate Christ Medical Center in Oak Lawn. The woman was treated and released from the hospital, spokesman Mike Maggio.  The shooting was captured on video and the three were identified by witnesses. Prosecutors said Lynom admitted to a witness that he shot at least one of the victims. Barker admitted to a witness that he disposed of a firearm used in the attack, prosecutors said. Lynom and Clark both made admissions to police after they were arrested, according to prosecutors.  Neighbors said the barbecue was part of an annual memorial for Brandon Snype, a man who was shot to death on the same street five years ago.  Over the weekend, the girl's mother made an emotional plea to those responsible for the shooting.  “I know you didn’t mean to do it on purpose, but please don’t go through life with this guilt on your heart,” Juannakee Kennedy said. “We forgive you, we just want some justice for our baby.”  Quianna turned 6 just two weeks ago and is preparing to start the first grade.  “She was just outside playing with her friends, the kids can’t go play outside,” Kennedy said.  Vanessa Ross said she was hosting a memorial for her son who was shot and killed five years ago while sitting in a porch on the same block. "At first we thought it was firecrackers," she said. "When we realized it was gunfire, everybody started getting up, running into my house."  Quianna collapsed on the stairs at Ross' home, she said. "These guys came out of nowhere," Ross said. "They was just shooting anywhere and everywhere."  Ross grabbed a sheet to keep the girl warm while a relative put pressure on the girl's chest in an attempt to stop the bleeding, Ross said.  "I'm like, okay, they done shot this little girl," Ross said. "That just blew me away."    rsobol@tribune.com | Twitter: @RosemarySobol1