Police swarm shooting scene at Ross Township municipal building, news conference at 11:30  Shooter wounded when a township official tackled him and turned his weapon against him, according to eyewitness account.  Three people were killed and four others were hospitalized when authorities say township resident Rockne Warren Newell opened fire at a crowded township supervisors meeting around 7:25 p.m.  Authorities are combing the scene of last night's deadly shooting at the Ross Township Municipal Building in the Poconos, and they have scheduled an 11:30 a.m. news conference to provide further details.  Newell has had and ongoing dispute with township authorities for over a decade about his ramshackle Flyte Road property. Newell has items scattered throughout the property and the township has tried for years to force him to clean it up.  Newell is now in police custody and officers have his road blocked off while they search his property.  Monroe County District Attorney E. David Christine was at the scene Tuesday morning talking with state police investigators at the Municipal Building, which is surrounded by lush green hills and sits next to a large open park.  Authorities at the building, located near the Route 33 Saylorsburg interchange, said they may release the names of the victims at Tuesday morning's news conference.  State police at Lehighton said Newell began firing a rifle through the windows of the Municipal Building on Anchorage Road, where between 15 and 18 people were gathered for the supervisors meeting.  Newell, who officials said had a long-running dispute with the township over his property, entered the building and continued to fire the rifle, state police said. He then left the building, where he retrieved a handgun from a vehicle, returned to the building and continued shooting, police said.  Newell, 59, had recently been removed from his property at 293 Flyte Road, after township officials condemned it for code violations, state police said.  Two of the victims died at the scene, while the third died at St. Luke's University Hospital-Fountain Hill after being flown there by helicopter. A fourth victim was reportedly in surgery at Lehigh Valley Hospital-Cedar Crest late Monday night after being taken there by helicopter.  Monroe County Coroner Bob Allen said he would not release the identities of the victims who died at the scene until their relatives are notified.  Lehigh County Coroner Scott Grim has not released details who died at St. Luke's Hospital.  The gunman, who suffered a gunshot wound, was hospitalized at Pocono Medical Center in East Stroudsburg. According to a Pocono Record reporter's first-person account of the shooting, Newell was injured when a township official turned the gunman's own weapon against him,  One person suffered a graze wound from a bullet. Another person was hospitalized with what state police described as a "stress-related" illness, police said.