SOB's via Facebook A promotional flier for Fat Trel’s performance Wednesday at club SOB’s on Varick Street. Shortly before the rapper was due to perform, a gunman opened fire, wounding four people.  A gunman opened fire inside the club SOB’s in lower Manhattan early Thursday, wounding four people, police sources said.  The Varick St. party spot, short for Sounds of Brazil, was hosting a mixtape release party for rapper Fat Trel.  The violence broke out right before he was slated to go onstage to perform tracks from his “SDMG” (Sex, Drugs, Money, Guns) tape.  Vic Nicastro for New York Daily News NYPD investigate the shootings at SOB’s, at 204 Varick Street in lower Manhattan.  Fire Department officials said they received a call for a shooting about 12:15 a.m. Police sources said four people suffered nonfatal gunshot wounds. Two were transported by ambulance to Beth Israel Medical Center, both with leg wounds. Two others suffered graze wounds.  The gunman fled the scene in a black ride, police sources said. No arrests had been made as of early Thursday morning.  Vic Nicastro for New York Daily News A cop searches for evidence outside the club early Thursday morning.  A source inside the club at the time said the shooting happened near the bar. Witnesses described a chaotic scene as club-goers stampeded in an effort to flee the gunfire.  A man who gave his name as DJ Zeke and said he was at the show said he heard about nine shots.  Vic Nicastro for New York Daily News The scene is secured after four people suffered nonfatal gunshot wounds in the attack.  “I’ve never been so scared because I didn’t know where the shots were coming from,” he told the Daily News. “Everybody is jumping on each other, trying to get away from the action.”  Zeke added that he got trampled as terrified party-goers rushed out of the joint.  The Washington Post via Getty Images Fat Trel, shown performing in Washington, D.C. earlier this year.  “I’m shaken right now,” he said. “Everybody was running to the door.”  Avery Watson said she had to step over people as she made a mad dash for the door.  “Everyone was ducking and rolling,” said the 24-year-old Bronx resident. “A lot of people left bleeding. It was crazy.”  Fat Trel tweeted about 12:30 a.m. that his big night was cut short before he got a chance to grab the mic.  “THE INSIDE OF MY SHOW JUS GOT SHUT UP IN NYC!!!! #KKKRRAAAZZYYYY,” he posted.  mfeeney@nydailynews.com