Sheriff confirms murder-suicide in Winston County, identifies 4th body Posted: Monday, October 7, 2013 3:14 PM EDT Updated: Monday, October 14, 2013 3:20 PM EDT  The car with the four bodies still inside was removed from the scene on County Road 327 early Thursday morning. Source: WBRC video  The Winston County sheriff is officially calling the deaths of four people found in a car last week a murder-suicide.  All four were recently under investigation for child pornography in Tennessee, Winston County Sheriff Rick Harris confirms.  On Monday afternoon, Sheriff Harris identified the female body found inside the car as Kristie Hunt Campbell Hamrick, 39. The three males were previously identified as Robert Samuel Hamrick, 30, Andy Keith Hunt, 38, and Kevin Carey, 30.  The bodies were found inside a car off of a rural road in the Black Pond community near Double Springs late Wednesday night.  "Well, every investigator that night said they'd never seen anything as bad," Sheriff Harris said.    Monday, Sheriff Harris also explained the relationships between the four people. He says Kristie Hamrick is the ex-wife of Robert Hamrick and the sister of Andy Keith Hunt. Kevin Carey was considered a family friend.  Sheriff Harris said the Hamricks, Hunt and Carey shared the same address in Savannah, Tenn.  He said all four were under investigation for child pornography, but only Kristie Hamrick and her ex-husband Robert Samuel Hamrick had been charged with having child pornography on a computer at their home in Tennessee.    The Hamricks were set to go to trial in Tennessee on Wednesday, the same day they were found dead in Winston County.    The sheriff says investigators found notes from all four people, three notes from the men inside the car and the note from Kristie Hamrick in the glove compartment.  In the notes, all four claimed their innocence in the alleged child pornography crimes. The notes also detailed their funeral arrangements.  "Each left a note and the note told basically, was pleading their innocence in these allegations and they wanted the families to make certain arrangements for their funerals," Sheriff Harris said.    Harris said forensic evidence shows that Andy Keith Hunt was the shooter in the killings and used a Mossberg 500 A, a 12-gauge pump shotgun. The shotgun was the only weapon recovered at the scene.  Authorities believe Hunt circled the car and fired the shotgun into the car to kill his sister, ex-brother-in-law and friend before getting inside the car and killing himself.  "We think at this point, by the shot pattern and trajectory study they did, that he walked around the car, and literally just leaned into the car and did what he had to do," Harris said.  Harris says Kevin Carey met a friend a week ago near Hamilton and told him they all planned to kill themselves rather than go to prison on the child pornography allegations.    Sheriff Harris added that Robert Hamrick lived in the Poplar Springs area near the Walker/Winston County line in 2002, leading officials to believe he was familiar with the area.  The investigation is still on-going. The ATF is trying to determine who owned the shotgun used in the killings. Authorities say five shots were fired and one of the persons killed was shot twice.    Copyright 2013 WBRC. All rights reserved.