Six people were shot at the Key Club in New Haven early Saturday morning. One person is dead, two are in critical condition and three were treated for non-life threatening injuries. (Published Sunday, Oct. 27, 2013)  Police are investigating a fatal shooting at the Key Club Cabaret in New Haven, Conn., where one person was killed and five more were injured on Saturday morning.  Erica Robinson, 26, from West Haven has died from her injuries. Jahad Brumsey, 29, from New Haven is listed in critical condition and three people are being treated for non-life threatening injuries. Three of the injured victims are female and two are male, according to police.  Authorities said one victim was as young as 19. The woman who died was not the intended target, and police said they believe they know the identity of that person.  The shooting happened around 3:30 a.m. Saturday inside the strip club at 85 Saint John Street, at the corner of Hamilton Street. Witnesses reported hearing multiple gunshots coming from the front of the club and seeing both men and women taken away on stretchers.  The incident was followed by a stampede as hundreds of people inside rushed for the club's main doorway, according to police.  Surveillance video captured the whole thing, according to police.  During the investigation, police discovered drug paraphernalia and packing inside the club and said the venue reeked of marijuana. The club has a BYOB policy.  Police said the club owners were not present at the time of the incident.  Hamilton Street was closed for several hours on Saturday morning while detectives interviewed witnesses. Police are working to identify a suspect.  Gov. Dannel Malloy and Lt. Gov. Nancy Wyman together released a statement expressing their condolences to the victims' families.  "Our thoughts and prayers go out to the family of the woman who died as a result of her injuries, the victims who are fighting for their lives and all who are impacted by this senseless violence," the statement reads. "This is a tragic reminder that despite progress in recent years, Connecticut cities still suffer too often from the plague of gun violence. On the state, municipal and community levels, Connecticut must continue to work together to make all our communities safer."  Along with Malloy and New Haven Mayor John DeStefano, police addressed the shooting at a press conference at 2 p.m. at the New Haven Police Department Headquarters on Union Avenue.  DeStefano proposed fees for nightclubs located in areas that require a heavy police presence and suggested police licensing and training for club security personnel. He suggested authorizing the city to approve club licenses and review the different kinds of liquor licenses to determine whether they should be simplified.  Anyone with information is asked to call the detective bureau at 203-946-6304.  Copyright Associated Press / NBC Connecticut