FAIRFIELD — Police say someone shot at a group of people who were fixing a flat tire in Vallejo late Saturday night, killing one and injuring seven others.  The mass shooting was reported to police at 10:58 p.m. on the 200 block of Princeton Ave. Officers found five people injured at the scene. One was pronounced dead there by emergency medical personnel.  Police say three other people went to local hospitals with gunshot wounds from the Princeton Avenue shooting.  The man who died was 19 years old. His name was not released pending family notification.  Police report that four cars with young adults from what police describe as generally the south San Francisco Bay Area came to Vallejo on Saturday for a party. One of the cars got a flat tire after hitting a curb. The caravan stopped so members of the group could help change the tire.  As they were changing the tire, a white SUV with tinted windows drove by and someone inside the vehicle shot at them, police said in a press release Sunday morning. Police said they suspect one gunman opened fire. There was no known motive for the shooting.  This is Vallejo’s second homicide in recent days.  Police suspect that Kulunda O. Kennard Jr., 17, killed 35-year-old Shauntanae Lashauna Brown midafternoon Wednesday. The Times-Herald in Vallejo reports that Kennard is Brown’s son, citing police Lt. Sid DeJesus.  Officers who responded to calls of shots fired on the 200 block of Maine Street took Kennard into custody. He was booked into the county’s juvenile detention facility on suspicion of killing Brown. Police did not announce her cause of death.  Kennard is being tried as an adult. His court arraignment was continued Friday to Nov. 1.  Police describe Saturday’s shooting as the city’s 20th homicide of the year. Anyone with information about the mass shooting is asked to call Vallejo police detectives at 800-488-9383. People who wish to remain anonymous may call Solano County Crime Stoppers at 644-STOP.  Reach Glen Faison at 427-6925 or [email protected] Follow him on Twitter at www.twitter.com/GlenFaison.