Man In Custody After Fatal Shooting At Tulsa Apartments Near Spartan College Posted: Thursday, February 21, 2013 10:50 PM EST Updated: Friday, February 22, 2013 10:20 AM EST  Mark Hopkins was loaded into an ambulance after he was apprehended.  This is the mug shot of Mark Hopkins.  The apartments are located in the 1200 block of North 89th East Avenue.  Police say four students were shot, both inside an apartment and in the parking lot.  Police have a 41-year-old man in custody after a fatal shooting at Spartan Landing Apartments in North Tulsa.  Tulsa Police, Fire and EMSA responded just after 9 p.m. Thursday, February 21, 2013, to the apartments in the 1200 block of North 89th East Avenue.  Police say four Spartan College students were shot, both inside an apartment and in the parking lot.  EMSA says one victim, Chaz Fain, 18, was pronounced dead at the scene. Police say he is Tulsa's 15th homicide of the year.  Three other men, two 18-year-olds and one 19-year-old, are in serious condition at area hospitals, EMSA says.  The majority of the residents at Spartan Landing Apartments, just behind Spartan College of Aeronautics, near Pine and Memorial, are Spartan students.  Police arrested 41-year-old Mark Hopkins at a nearby business complex at around 10:30 p.m. They said the weapon was not recovered.  Police say Hopkins' hands were injured from climbing fences.  Tulsa Police Sergeant Dave Walker credits Hopkins' apprehension to the patrol officer's quick response. He also said several citizens called in to report suspicious activity in the area of the murder which led to officers observing Hopkins in the parking lot at 9900 East Admiral less than an hour and a half after the shooting.  A News On 6 crew was there as police and EMSA loaded Hopkins into an ambulance to receive medical treatment before being brought downtown.  Police think Hopkins is acquainted with the victims and may also be a student.  Hopkins was booked into the Tulsa County jail on one complaint of first degree murder and three complaints of shooting with intent to kill.