A house party in far southwest Houston ended in gunfire overnight, leaving one person dead and at least three others hurt.  According to the Houston Police Department, the trouble started around midnight during a large house party at a home in the 4400 block of Tiffany at Castlereagh. The gathering, they said, was mostly young people -- 17- and 18-year-olds.  At some point, a couple of cars reportedly drove by the party and there was a disagreement of some sort. That's when someone pulled a gun and started shooting.  Neighbors told us they heard 25 to 30 gunshots.  One neighbor rushed to help after seeing a young man lying in the street.  "I got down and I was checking his breathing rate, his respiratories, and they were faint, but they were there," neighbor Jasmone Goodeau said. "So we started talking to him and it seemed like it helped because I could hear him swallowing and trying to breathe more."  By the time officers arrived, that victim was dead. He was identified as 17-year-old Yates High School student Braveon Terry. Police said he was shot in the chest. Witnesses said he also may have been hit by a car that was fleeing the scene.  A second gunshot victim was transported from the scene to an area hospital in unknown condition.  Police said two other victims drove to a donut shop on Hiram Clarke at West Orem with injuries to their legs. They were also taken to the hospital and are expected to be OK.  One neighbor who was passing by had at least two bullets hit her car.  "I thought that I got actually shot because I saw the bullet, I saw him actually shooting, and all I could think is I got hit because I had blood dripping down my face and my eye was swollen," neighbor Juliette Goodeau said. "Like right now I can still feel glass fragments in my face."  We asked the woman who hosted the party about what happened, but she had no comment.  Police are interviewing witnesses for a description of the shooter. Anyone with information is asked to call HPD Homicide or Crime Stoppers.  Yates High School officials said they will have counselors there Monday for students and staff.  THE POLICE CHIEF'S ADVICE  Houston's police chief is speaking plainly to parents in this city after this latest house party shooting.  "You should not turn your house over to teens to have a party," HPD Chief Charles McClelland said.  McClelland spoke to local teenagers Saturday at the police department headquarters on Travis. He talked about a variety of issues facing teenagers, including violence in communities. But he also took the time give parents advice.  "Parents should always be cautious of some things in your home because in some instances, as a parent or guardian or owner of the home, you can be criminally responsible for some of the things that goes on at your house," he said.  The police chief also reminded parents to be aware of their child's activities on social media, and he urged neighbors to report any illegal activity they see in their community.  Find Simon on Facebook at ABC13SimonGutierrez or on Twitter at @sggutierrez  Take ABC13 with you!  Download our free apps for iPhone, iPad and Android devices