VALDOSTA, Ga. (WTXL)-- Four people are shot early Saturday morning and police are searching for the suspects.  Valdosta Police say Ralph Robinson, Shekirrah Thomas, Demereay Doe and Bryant Turner were sitting in a car at the intersection of Gordon Street and North Ashley Street. Another vehicle pulled up and shots were fired.  We're told three of the victims have been released from the hospital, but Robinson was shot in the head and taken to a hospital in Tallahassee. Police say he is expected to recover.  If you have any information, you can call the Valdosta Police at 229-293-3091. You can remain anonymous.  Here's the full report from the Valdosta Police Department:  On November 30, 2013 at approximately 0330 hours, the Valdosta Police Department responded to the South Georgia Medical Center regarding a shooting. When officers arrived, they were advised by hospital staff that Ralph Robinson, Shekirrah Thomas, Demereay Doe, and Bryant Turner all suffered injuries from being shot. Valdosta Police Detectives and Crime Scene Technicians from the Valdosta/Lowndes Regional Crime Laboratory responded to the hospital and later determined the incident took place at the intersection of Gordon Street at North Ashley Street. Detectives learned that shortly after 3:00 am, Robinson, Thomas, Doe, and Turner were all in a vehicle stopped at a traffic light when another vehicle pulled up beside their vehicle and began shooting at them. At that point, the victims drove to the hospital where they were treated. Thomas, Doe, and Turner were treated and later released. Robinson was shot in the head and flown by helicopter to Tallahassee for further treatment but according to medical personnel, his injuries do not appear to be life-threatening.  Valdosta Police began an extensive search for the suspect vehicle and after locating significant evidence in the shooting; the vehicle was located and taken into custody by the police department. The police department has also determined a motive for the shooting which appears to stem from an argument by the victims and offenders earlier that same night.  After being released from South Georgia Medical Center, Demereay Doe was arrested for Possession of Marijuana and for outstanding, unrelated open warrants. Bryant Turner was also arrested for Theft by Receiving Stolen Property due to the fact he was in possession of a stolen handgun during the incident.  Detectives continue to search for the offenders who were involved in the shooting. Anyone having any further information regarding this crime or any other crime is urged to contact the Valdosta Police Department at 229-293-3145 or can remain anonymous at 229-293-3091.