A shooting Sunday night in central Topeka that left four people dead wasn’t a random act of violence, Topeka police Capt. Scott Conklin said Tuesday.  And while police haven’t named any suspects or made an arrest, officials say the public isn’t in danger because of the quadruple homicide.  “We have no reason to believe this is a random act,” Conklin said. “The community is safe. They aren’t in harm’s way. Transparency for public safety is paramount with the police department and Shawnee County law enforcement.”  The lone surviving victim of the four people shot — Carla Jean Avery, 45 — died at a local hospital Tuesday afternoon, resulting in the case becoming a quadruple homicide investigation. Police were notified of Avery’s death about 2 p.m.  While the Topeka Police Department said this was the first quadruple homicide in Topeka, there was a quintuple homicide in the 600 block of N.W. Topeka Boulevard in January 1973. Ronald George Jordan went on a killing spree, taking five lives and wounding a woman with a shotgun before committing suicide. Those killed were Pearl Avery, 31; Jessie May Avery, 67; Oscar Maddox, 63; Lucille Cowans, 50; and Hervy Gatewood, 58.  It wasn’t immediately clear if the Averys killed in 1973 are related to the Averys that were killed this week.  Topeka police spokeswoman Kristen Veverka said she wasn’t able to divulge whether police were able to speak or otherwise communicate with Carla Avery prior to her death.  Carla Avery was found at 4:10 p.m. Sunday in the 1200 block of S.W. 21st with an apparent gunshot wound to the head.  On Tuesday morning, police released the identity of the third victim — Tamesha Lee, 34 — which hadn’t been provided yet because her family still needed to be notified.  She was found shot dead along with Eric Christopher Avery, 43, and Marvin Lewis Woods, 56, at 1629 S.W. Central Park Ave.  Carla Avery is the sister of Eric Avery and the ex-wife of Woods.  Neighbors say at least Carla Avery and Eric Avery lived at the house with a teenage boy. Melvin Avery, an 18-year-old believed to be Carla Avery’s son, resides at the house where the bodies were discovered. He has been in the Shawnee County Jail since Nov. 7 in connection with drug charges.  The investigation into Carla Avery’s shooting led police to her car, which was found at a car wash at S.W. 21st and Central Park. Officers then went to her residence on Central Park Avenue where the other three victims were found.  Carla Avery, who was a court-ordered registered drug offender, previously had been incarcerated in Shawnee County in connection with possession with intent to distribute cocaine.  In 2011, Carla Avery also was convicted in U.S. District Court of one count of possession with intent to distribute a mixture or substance containing a detectable quantity of cocaine base — 2.24 grams, according to federal court records.  Two other counts in that case were dismissed.  As part of the sentence, Carla Avery was ordered to live at a community corrections halfway house program for six months, federal court records said.  In a sentencing document, defense attorney Sonya Strickland said the small amount of cocaine suggested Carla Avery wasn't a dealer but rather a drug user.  The document gave a glimpse at the struggles Carla Avery faced throughout much of her life.  The document said she had battled substance abuse issues for years, although she had five years of sobriety until she relapsed in August 2010. That led to the federal case.  Carla Avery also had health problems and had been diagnosed with bipolar disorder, depression and anxiety disorder, court records show.  She hadn't worked for 10 years, was unable to work, and she grew up in a broken home and suffered trauma at a young age, according to court documents.  The Kansas Bureau of Investigation’s registered offender database listed Carla Avery as compliant with her registration.  Police Maj. Jerry Stanley said during a news conference Monday he couldn’t comment on whether the homicide may have been drug-related. He also said suicide wasn’t involved with any of the four.  The two male victims also had past criminal history.  Eric Avery was sentenced to 10 years in prison after pleading guilty Jan. 20, 2005, to charges of first-degree robbery and armed criminal action, both felonies, according to Jackson County, Mo., Circuit Court records.  In 2004, Eric Avery had been apprehended in Topeka on an arrest warrant issued by Jackson County, Mo., according to Kansas and Missouri court records.  Topeka police arrested Eric Avery on Jan. 13, 2004, as a fugitive from justice in Missouri. An arrest warrant said Avery was wanted there on charges of one count of second-degree murder, two counts of armed criminal action, attempted first-degree robbery, kidnapping and unlawful use of a weapon.  According to Kansas Department of Corrections records, Eric Avery’s parole location changed Aug. 21, 2012, from Missouri to Shawnee County.  Marvin Woods pleaded no contest to misdemeanor domestic battery in 2009 and to a misdemeanor charge of criminal damage to property in 2010 in Shawnee County.  Lee didn’t have a criminal history. A jury found her not guilty of forgery in 2006 in Shawnee County.  Veverka said detectives still were taking tips on the case with an enhanced Crime Stoppers reward of $8,000 for information leading to an arrest.  Anyone with information may contact police detectives at 368-9400 or Crime Stoppers at 234-0007.  Tips also may be taken at topekacrimestoppers.com or by sending a text message to “Crimes” and beginning the message with “Top Tip.”