UPDATE 12/13/13 @ 7:15 p.m.  HUNTINGTON, W. Va. (WSAZ) -- Shoops Bar in downtown Huntington is closed and the scene is clear. But early Friday morning painted a very different picture as a man fired a gun inside and a bouncer fired his own gun to stop him.  Now, police are looking at why it happened and what charges could come from it all.  Gunshots echoed inside Shoop's Bar a matter of minutes before the bar was scheduled to close. Outside along 4th Avenue, people stood by in shock.  "I didn't know what to think, tell you the truth, at first of it, then eventually I found out, but it's kind of scary, people carrying guns and drink," said Kent Stutler, a nearby worker.  Huntington Police said the gunfire started after Antonio Brown, 25, got into an argument with a woman.  Police said workers were forcing him to leave when he pulled out a pistol.  "Fired several rounds into the bar," Huntington Police Lt. John Williams said.  Huntington Police said there were about 15 people inside.  They said Brown shot a woman and man in the stomach and another woman in the foot.  Investigators said one of the women was involved in the argument.  That's when officers said a bouncer at the bar fired his concealed gun, killing Brown.  "He fired upon this man firing the gun to stop any other further injury or death to anybody else," Williams said.  Police said the bouncer had not been drinking. They also said he legally carried his gun.  Officials from the Alcohol Beverage Control Administration said they have no codes prohibiting it.  "We'll gather all the facts, prosecutor of Cabell County has the last say, if it'll even present at the grand jury or not, but we'll prepare the case and gather all the information," Williams said.  Now, investigators said they are looking at why this happened and how they can prevent it from happening again.  "This was shocking," Stutler said.  WSAZ.com has learned the Alcohol Beverage Control Administration has suspended the club's license for 10 days.  They said they're going to use that time to complete a thorough administrative investigation and allow Huntington Police to do a criminal investigation.  Huntington Police said they've responded to that same bar one other time this year after shots were fired in the parking lot.  HUNTINGTON, W.Va. (WSAZ) -- Police have released the name of the man shot and killed at a Huntington bar early Friday morning.  Lt. John Williams says Antonio Devon Brown, 25, of Huntington, was shot by an employee at Shoop’s Bar in the 1200 block of 4th Avenue about 3 a.m.  Williams says Brown was shot after he opened fire inside the bar, wounding three people.  The three people drove themselves to the hospital. Police have not released their names, but say their injuries are not threatening. None of the victims are Marshall University students.  Williams says the preliminary investigation indicates the incident began when Brown got into an altercation with a woman inside the bar.  As bar employees were making Brown leave, police say he pulled out a handgun and began firing toward the main area of the bar. That’s when the employee, who had a concealed weapon, shot Brown.  Williams believes one of the wounded people is the woman who was involved in the altercation.  The bar employee was taken to the Huntington Police Department for questioning. Williams says the employee had a legal permit for the gun.  About 15 people were in the bar at the time of the shooting.  The case will be turned over to the Cabell County Prosecutor.  Keep clicking on WSAZ.com for the latest information.  HUNTINGTON, W.Va. (WSAZ) -- One person died and three other people were wounded in a shooting at a bar on 4th Avenue in Huntington early Friday morning.  Huntington Police were called to Shoop’s Bar in the 1200 block of 4th Avenue right before 3 a.m.  Lt. John Williams told WSAZ.com that when police arrived at the scene they found one man dead inside the front entrance of the bar.  Williams said the three people wounded in the shooting drove themselves to the hospital.  Two went to St. Mary’s Medical Center, while another went to Cabell Huntington Hospital.  None of their injuries were life threatening.  Williams said the preliminary investigation indicates that the incident began when the man who was killed got into an altercation with a woman inside the bar.  As bar employees were forcing the man to leave, the man pulled out a handgun and began firing toward the main area of the bar. A bar employee who had a concealed weapon then shot the man, according to Williams.  Williams believes one the wounded people is the woman who was involved in the altercation. The other two other people were bar customers.  The bar employee was taken to the Huntington Police Department for questioning. Williams said the employee had a legal permit for the gun.  Police have not released the name of the man killed.  The case will be further reviewed by the Cabell County Prosecutor.  Keep clicking on WSAZ.com for the latest information.  HUNTINGTON, W.Va. (WSAZ) -- Huntington Police say one person has died after being shot early Friday morning. Investigators say at least four people were shot following a fight at Shoops bar on 4th Avenue in Huntington.  Huntington Police tell WSAZ.com the gunman was being thrown out of the bar when he pulled out a gun and started shooting. Police say one of the employees had a gun and started shooting back at the gunman. Police say the initial gunman has died after being shot.  We're expecting to get another update on this situation at 7 a.m. Friday morning when Huntington Police plan to have a press conference. Keep clicking on WSAZ.com for updates on this story.  ORIGINAL STORY 12/13/13  HUNTINGTON, W.Va. (WSAZ) -- At least four people have been shot near a bar in Huntington.  It happened just before 3 Friday morning in the 1200 block of 4th Ave. Cabell County dispatchers say they are unsure of the condition of any of the four shooting victims.  No arrests have been made at this time.  Keep clicking WSAZ.com for the latest on this story.