Reuters / ALEX GALLARDO A forensics specialist removes a bag from a home where a suspected triple murder and suicide occurred in Fontana, California December 31.  A family of four — including two children — were found killed inside a Southern California home late Monday, according to a report.  Police discovered the bloodshed after a 16-year-old boy called 911 and reported that he found his family members injured or killed in the Fontana home, officials said.  Investigators said once they went inside the Palmetto Ave. house, they found the bodies of a 12-year-old girl, a 10-year-old boy, and an adult man and woman, both between 35 and 40 years old.  The man peppered the two children and his wife with multiple gunshots before shooting himself in the head in what appears to be a triple murder-suicide, cops said Tuesday.  AP / Kurt Miller Neighbors look on Tuesday, Dec. 31, 2013, as Fontana, Calif. police investigate the house where a family of four were found shot to death on Monday night.  Neighbors told KABC-TV that the victims were a mother, a stepfather and two children who all lived in the home.  Police later identified the dead as Ramon Miranda, 38, and Silvia Miranda, 34, and their children, 12-year-old Ramon Jr. and 10-year-old Rayna.  "Everything that has been confirmed so far indicates it could be a murder-suicide but that has not been confirmed," police spokeswoman Guzman-Hurtado said. "They are questioning other people before making that conclusion."  Reuters/ ALEX GALLARDO Two adults and two children believed to be family members were found shot to death in the Southern California home in what police are investigating as a suspected triple murder and suicide, police said on Tuesday.  The 16-year-old 911 caller was a relative but did not live with the four people found dead. He reportedly came to the home about 8:30 p.m. Monday after being unable to get in contact with his family members.  “There is some amounts of blood in different areas of the house,” Fontana police Sgt. Doug Imhof told the news station.  One neighbor told the news station that there was arguing coming from the house a few hours before the grisly scene was discovered.  KCBS A man, a woman and two children, ages 12 and 10, were found dead inside the Fontana home late Monday.  Fontana, a city of about 200,000 people in San Bernardino County, is about 50 miles east of downtown Los Angeles.  With News Wire Services  jkemp@nydailynews.com  @joekemp