Photo Advertisement Continue reading the main story  A gunman opened fire on an S.U.V. in Springfield Gardens in Queens on Friday afternoon, killing a longtime friend of the rapper 50 Cent and wounding three other people inside, according to the police and witnesses.  The victims were driving slowly because of the snow, making their way down Farmers Boulevard toward 134th Avenue in a Nissan Rogue about 4:10 p.m., when the gunman, who was in an unidentified vehicle and was dressed in black, pulled up on the passenger side of the white S.U.V. and started shooting, the police said.  A 42-year-old man, identified by the police as Jamal Green of Queens, was in the front seat of the Nissan and was hit in the chest. He stumbled out and collapsed, and was pronounced dead at the scene.  Another passenger, a 21-year-old man who was struck in the neck and shoulder, was in critical condition on Friday night. Two other passengers, a 22-year-old man who was shot in the leg and a 33-year-old woman who was grazed on the neck, were in stable condition.  The man shot in the leg was taken to North Shore Long Island Jewish Hospital, while the other survivors were taken to Jamaica Medical Center.  Photo  No arrests had been made as of late Friday night, and the police said they did not have any suspects and had not found the vehicle used by the gunman.  Mr. Green was paroled on Dec. 20 after serving about two and a half years in prison for assault, according to state records. He was best known for his relationship with 50 Cent, a childhood friend from Queens. He appeared in videos and on mixtapes spouting gritty lyrics about drugs and violence with members of the rapper’s G-Unit group. But he never signed a deal with the G-Unit record label, a representative for 50 Cent said on Friday.  50 Cent posted a message on Twitter in which he referred to Mr. Green’s stage name, Mazaradi Fox. He wrote that he was “saddened by the news of Mazaradi’s tragic passing.”  Residents in the neighborhood, near Kennedy International Airport, expressed dismay at the shootings, but said they were not surprised. “Not really,” said David Jones, 27, who said he grew up in the neighborhood where Mr. Green claimed in his lyrics to have sold drugs and assault rifles. “The type of life that he led — illegal activity. He was involved in a lot of gang stuff.”  In May, 50 Cent paid for the funeral of D’aja Robinson, a 14-year-old girl raised by Mr. Green who was shot and killed on a bus in Queens, 50 Cent’s representative said. Gabriela Gilmore, 24, a teacher’s assistant who lives in the area, said that “everyone in the neighborhood knew” Mr. Green.  Of the shootings, she said: “That’s routine here, unfortunately.” But she added, “I was shocked that it was someone that I’d met in my lifetime.”  Two blocks away, the Springfield Gardens United Methodist Church had held a funeral just before the shooting.  “There was flashing lights and traffic was backed up,” a receptionist at the church said. “I didn’t think anything strange of it. They’re always fixing a light pole or something around there.”  A woman who lives next door to where the shooting occurred said she was considering moving from the neighborhood, where she has lived for 22 years.  “It’s no longer just retirees around me,” she said. “It’s a lot of youths, and youths come with their own problems.”