Three still in hospital, accused teen shooter faces judge Posted: Tuesday, May 13, 2014 4:31 PM EDT Updated: Tuesday, June 10, 2014 4:32 PM EDT  Three people were still in the hospital Wednesday night, recovering from Tuesday's shooting across from Therrell High School in southwest Atlanta. One was in critical condition. The other two are stable.  Meanwhile, the accused shooter faced a judge for the first time Wednesday morning at the Fulton County Jail.  17-year old Marcellus Brooks blocked his face from the media's cameras in court as a judge decided if Brooks could go home or would have to stay in jail.  "Sir, I need to tell you you're charged with five counts of aggravated assault, one count of possession of knife or firearm in the commission of a felony," said the judge.  Brooks is accused of shooting into a crowd outside Therrell High, hitting five people, four of them students.  Prosecutors asked the judge to deny Brooks any bond. His attorney asked for it, pointing out he's 17, a 10th grader at the school and he works.  "He was not arrested at the scene, there was no gun found on Mr. Brooks, there was no gun found on his proximity," explained his Public Defender. "Right now these are only accusations, your honor."  The judge quickly replied, "there will be no bond."  Witnesses described seeing a large group of 25 to 30 people gathering just off school property Tuesday at about 4 p.m. just after school let out. A witness told CBS46's Mike Paluska that the teenager reached into his waistband and said he was going to mess this (expletive) up. He then started shooting, the witness said.  "For me, I saw tension. I knew something was going to happen," said the 11th grade Therrell High student who did not want to be identified, said. "I was expecting a giant fight. I wasn't expecting gunshots."  People who live close to the school said they heard multiple shots. When they ran outside to see what happened, they saw wounded students in the street.  "Two were laying on the ground. A female and a male were put into an ambulance," Ricky Johnson said. "They were moving, but that's why I didn't think it was life-threatening. The paramedics were working on them."  The Atlanta Public School District said Wednesday its main focus until the school year ends next week was keeping kids safe.  District leaders and Atlanta police said they increased patrols and security checks in and around Therrell High.  The district also brought in a crisis team of counselors and social workers. Associate Superintendent Steve Smith said they would do so for the next six days.  "Year end is a challenging time because students are excited about vacation and wanting to start the summer process," said Smith. "But we still must ensure that instruction goes on and that our students are safe."  One of the five shooting victims spoke to CBS46 at his home Wednesday where he was recovering from a shot to the chest.  "I thought I was gonna probably die or something," said Trayveon Morgan, a senior at Therrell. The bullet went in and out of his chest then grazed his arm.  Morgan said he was in a crowd that gathered after school Tuesday to watch an escalating argument.  "Yeah, I was going to watch the fight. That's what I thought," said Morgan. "But then I heard gunshots. And that's what happened. I'm glad I'm still here though."  Morgan's mother, Keshia Hurston, got the call at work. "Please don't let my baby die," Hurston said she immediately thought. "Because he got shot in his chest, not his arm or his leg. He's very lucky to be here. Very."  Grady Hospital released two of the other five victims, including Morgan, on Tuesday night.  Copyright 2014 WGCL-TV (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.