Domestic terrorism and the evil that men do  Black religious leaders say they will not endorse ‘insult and embarrassment’ Donald Trump  Ben Carson’s refugee plan: Money spent on ‘Halloween candy’ can spruce up camps for Syrians instead  Fox News host giggles through report on man who died after he got stuck in fiery chimney  Chuck Todd finally smacks down Trump: ‘Just because somebody repeats it doesn’t make it true’  World’s most ‘adorable drug kingpin’ is actually the daughter of Texas DEA head honcho  FBI searching for armed anti-Muslim protester after Facebook threat to Muslim community in New York  Trump campaign forced to cancel press conference with black pastors after they shred him in the press  Police in Florida believe a San Carlos Park man fatally shot his three children, his wife and then turned the gun on himself over the weekend.  Lee Sheriff Mike Scott told the Naples Daily News that 36-year-old Sonny Enrique “Quique” Medina left a note before shooting 29-year-old Maria Antonia Navas, 10-year-old Allison Navas, 6-year-old Sophia Medina-Navas, and 2-year-old Mia Medina-Navas early Sunday morning. Scott declined to reveal the contents of the note due to an ongoing investigation.  Scott called the incident the single-largest mass shooting in Lee County history.  “This is everyday USA behind me,” Scott said on Sunday as he was standing front of the crime scene. “Something snapped, something went terribly wrong. And we’ll never know the answer to why.”  WBBH reported that Enrique Medina may have been drunk after a party at the family’s home until early Sunday morning. But Scott said that the party was “not germane” to the shootings, according to Naples Daily News.  Neighbor Nathan Hovey said that his girlfriend, Jenny Brunt, heard a child scream sometime after 2 am.  “She heard a girl say, ‘You’re an evil man,’” Hovey recalled. “Then it was silence. Nothing.”  Karen Downare remembered Enrique Medina as a “kind, gentle, loving dad.”  “If you would have told me that it was possible for him to ever do this, I would have told you you’re a liar,” she insisted. “That it was not possible for that man to do that to his family.”  Watch the video below from WBBH, broadcast June 8, 2104.  NBC-2.com WBBH News for Fort Myers, Cape Coral  NBC-2.com WBBH News for Fort Myers, Cape Coral