Jeremiah Eugene Pullen, 24, of Manassas was charged with four counts of aggravated malicious wounding, 4 counts of use of a firearm in commission of a felony, 1 count of shooting into an occupied dwelling, and 1 count of shooting from a moving vehicle after a shooting early Monday morning in Manassas Va.  A Virginia man injured four people after opening fire through the front door of a club he was just kicked out of early Monday morning, police said.  Jeremiah Eugene Pullen, 24, of Manassas was charged with four counts of aggravated malicious wounding, 4 counts of use of a firearm in commission of a felony, 1 count of shooting into an occupied dwelling, and 1 count of shooting from a moving vehicle after a shooting early Monday morning in Manassas Va.  Officers with the William County Police Department in Manassas were called to the 90 Degrees Sports Bar at 2:21 a.m. in the city just outside Washington D.C. Officers arrived in time to see Pullen drive away in a vehicle and the unidentified person was arrested after a traffic stop.  WTTG Four people were hospitalized and one suspect was taken into custody after the shooting at 90 Degrees Sports Bar.  Pullen was kicked out of the restaurant, which has night club every night beginning at 10 p.m., by security around 2 a.m., police said. Pullen then drove his car to the front door and opened fire through the front window and injured four people, police said.  Officer Jonathan Perok told the Daily News they believe Pullen was motivated to retaliate after being kicked out.  WTTG The William County police were called to the sports bar at 2:20 a.m. Monday.  The victims were two men and two women and three have been released from the hospital. The remaining female victim remains in the hospital with non life threatening injuries.  Their identities have not been released by police.  WTTG The shooter reportedly shot through the glass door at the Manassas, Va., bar.  NBC4 reports video of the broken glass in the door following the shooting.  The case is still under investigation.jlandau@nydailynews.com Follow on Twitter @joelzlandau  USING A MOBILE DEVICE? CLICK HERE TO SEE THE VIDEO.