MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — A shooting inside a downtown Minneapolis nightclub early Saturday morning sent nine people to the hospital, including a member of the Minnesota Vikings.  Minneapolis Police say the shooting happened at about 1:40 a.m. at 400 Soundbar, located on the 400 block of 3rd Avenue North.  Nine people were taken to Hennepin County Medical Center with gunshot wounds, according to police. Two of the victims had serious injuries but are in stable condition as of Saturday afternoon.  A Vikings spokesperson says defensive tackle Linval Joseph was hit in the calf by a stray bullet. He was taken to the hospital where he was treated and released.  In a written statement, the spokesperson said Joseph was an innocent bystander.  “The entire Vikings organization is extremely thankful that Linval was not seriously hurt, and our thoughts are with all of the victims of this shooting,” said the spokesperson.  Joseph is expected to return to practice this week.  Minneapolis Police Assistant Chief Matt Clark says the shooting was not random, and the suspect was targeting one person.  At a recent press conference police said they interviewed dozens of people this morning in regards to the incident.  Viking, 8 Others Shot At Nightclub WCCO RADIO playpause  “We have one firearm that has been recovered, and we believe there is only one suspect involved in the shooting,” Clark said.  Minneapolis Mayor Betsy Hodges used the incident to discuss the city’s gun problem.  “We must continue … to address gun violence in the city of Minneapolis, especially the work to eliminate illegal guns and illegally-obtained guns,” Hodges said. “This is the work that we need to do in the big picture to make sure that these incidents never happen again.”  Mayor Hodges said there is a history with this bar, they’ve met with the bar staff three times in the past and had a deal.  “The business was operating under a series of license conditions that require heightened security and other measures. The city has decided to close this business temporarily in the interest of publice safety. City staff have worked with the owner of the bar and he has agrees to close the bar indefinitely,” Hodges said in a recent press release.  The bar has since been closed and the owner says he will keep it closed indefinitely.  Police think the shooting was gang-related. No one is in custody, but police say they’re investigating a lead on a suspect.  The owner of 400 Soundbar posted the following statement on Facebook Saturday afternoon:  “(sic) Dear friends and family, we will not be opening this weekend due to unfortunate and unforseen circumstances. Our thoughts and prayers go to all the ones that suffered.  Our vision was always a civilized and pleasant diverse environment, however last night left us all baffled and surprised.  We need to step back and evaluate what is all about. The public safety is our number one concern right now and we are asking for your support and understanding.”  Anyone with information about this incident is asked to contact Minneapolis Police.