Two teenagers were shot and killed in separate shootings Tuesday, and police are searching for the gunmen in both homicides.  In the first shooting, Raymond Patterson III was shot and killed and three other youths were wounded.  Police know who shot and killed Patterson on a footbridge over the Kensington Expressway, Mayor Byron Brown said this morning at a news conference in Niagara Square.  “People in the community know exactly who the shooter was and we are appealing for him to turn himself in,” Brown said.  Three other youths also were wounded in the shootings that occurred at about 3:40 p.m. Tuesday near the Kenfield-Langfield housing project. The three youths were treated in hospitals and released.  Police said that the shooting occurred after a quarrel between two girls at Roosevelt Park.  But the four who were shot were not involved in that dispute, police said today.  The second fatal shooting occurred about 10:30 p.m. on Shirley Avenue in the Kensington-Bailey area.  Ronnie Scott and Diamond Allen were shot on the 100 block of Shirley, between Parkridge Avenue and Bailey avenues. Both were taken to Erie County Medical Center where Scott died.  Allen was treated for a leg wound and released.  Anyone with information is asked to call or text the Confidential TIPCALL Line at (716)847-2255.  The gunman who shot Patterson and the three other youths on the footbridge is believed to be in his 20s. The victims initially were taken to Erie County Medical Center.  Ravella Gaines, who said she is the grandmother of 14-year-old Devonta Gaines, one of the shooting victims, said he was being treated in Women & Children’s Hospital.  “Praise God he’s alive,” she said, “but I hate to hear of any child being shot.”  A 15-year-old boy who lives on Oakmont said two of his friends were among those shot as they were returning from Roosevelt Park, crossing the expressway’s pedestrian bridge that connects the housing project with the park.  “I was told the … boy was shot in the head and killed, and two of my best friends were shot,” said the youth, who identified the friends only as “Man-Man,” 13, and “Austin,” 16. He said Austin was shot in the foot.  “I was going to play basketball at Roosevelt Park and a friend ran up to me and said Man-Man and Austin are shot,” the youth said.  “I want to find out who did this to my friends. Whoever did this needs to come forward and stop bringing violence into my neighborhood.  “Maybe there’s two sides to the story, but you just can’t go out and shoot somebody. We don’t need to be killing each other. I feel disrespected. I have feelings for my friends.”  Police crime scene tape surrounded the area near the pedestrian bridge. Early Tuesday evening, officials of local anti-crime organizations gathered there.  Murray Holman, executive director of the Stop the Violence Coalition and a member of the Peacemakers, said, “I don’t know what sparked this off, but I do know we have to find a better solution.”  Holman noted that the shooting comes after the recent successful National Night Out program at the nearby Martha Mitchell Community Center, about a mile away.  “We were out spreading the word against violence, and everything went well and here we are – this happens,” he said.  Rita Turner, also a coalition member, and members of the Peacemakers, scolded the community for a noticeable lack of presence after the shooting. “Four children were shot, and nobody is out,” she said.  Added Holman: “We need to be out when things like this happen. When is the city going to come out? I see no community.”  Dawn E. Sanders-Garrett, executive director of the Buffalo Municipal Housing Authority, said, “I’m just outraged. I’m shocked. I’m angry. I’m saddened, and I’m prayerful that we can come together as a community to stop violence.  “Whether you’re a parent, a business, an organization – we need all hands to come together to eradicate heinous crimes.” She added that her heart goes out to all the families of the victims and especially other children who may have witnessed the shooting and who will suffer psychologically. “These are our children and the community’s children, and we need to take care of them.”  Joseph A. Mascia, a BMHA commissioner, said he met with residents who told him that the youngster who was killed was visiting an aunt and that at least two of the other shooting victims live in the housing project. He noted there was a surveillance camera that might help authorities identify the shooter.  “How would a kid have a gun?” Mascia asked. “These are teenagers.”  email: lmichel@buffnews.com