Michelle Kelly via Facebook Michelle Kelly, 22, and her son, Keytrell, 2, were shot to death in an apparent quadruple murder-suicide Wednesday in South Richmond, Va. Enlarge gofundme.com Murder victim Adreena Gary, 19, was a college student enrolled at J. Seargent Reynolds Community College, where she was pursuing a degree in Criminal Justice. She was shot to death in an apparent quadruple murder-suicide Wednesday in South Richmond, Va. Enlarge Michelle Kelly (l.) and her 2-year-old son, Keytrell, were shot to death, along with family friend Adreena Gary (r.) in an apparent murder-suicide in Richmond, Va.  A Richmond man went on a murderous rampage over a custody dispute late Wednesday, gunning down his ex-girlfriend, their child and another woman acting as a mediator before taking his own life in an apparent murder-suicide, police said.  Traymont B. Burton, 21, shot and killed 19-year-old Adreena D. Gary outside his ex's South Richmond, Va., home and then went inside and gunned down former girlfriend Michelle S. Kelly, 22, and Keytrell Kelly, 2, before turning the gun on himself, the Richmond Times-Dispatch reported.  Family said Gary, a community college student who was working toward a criminal justice degree and hoped to become a lawyer, was trying to mediate a domestic dispute between Burton and Kelly when she was killed.  Michelle Kelly via Facebook Michelle Kelly, 22, and her son, Keytrell (pictured), 2, were shot to death in an apparent quadruple murder-suicide late Wednesday in South Richmond, Va.  "Adreena was a fun, loving, warm-hearted individual who stopped at no end to help those around her," sister Andrea Gary said on GoFundMe.  Police responded to a 911 call of "shots fired" at 8:21 p.m. and arrived minutes later to a gruesome scene. Fire crews were brought in to hose down blood on the sidewalk outside, the Times-Dispatch said. It was a chilling scene, neighbors said.  "It's just shocking, and the lady used to keep my kids," neighbor Chantell Woolridge told NBC 12. "And the thought in my mind is, what if my kids were there?"  Kelly was described as a mom who doted on her son, according to cousin Shaheem Simmons.  "She was more like my sister. We lived together my whole life as a child. I watched her grow as a woman," Simmons wrote on Facebook. "If you knew her you knew she was sweet, respectful, caring, drama free and a mother — a real mom."  jmolinet@nydailynews.com  Follow on Twitter: @jmolinet  ON A MOBILE DEVICE?CLICK HERE TO WATCH THE VIDEO.