Four men shot in the Humboldt Park neighborhood on the West Side on Wednesday are casualties of an ongoing conflict along Chicago Avenue where control of drug sales sometimes leads to weekslong bouts of violence, according to police and neighbors.  The four were among at least 20 people shot, five fatally, within a half-mile of the intersection of Chicago and St. Louis avenues over the past four weeks.    Three of the men shot Wednesday were in a white car that appeared to have been sprayed with automatic weapon fire just before 12:30 p.m. in the 700 block of North St. Louis Avenue, just south of Chicago Avenue. The fourth man was standing on the street at the time.  Police said the location of the 30 or so bullet holes in the car -- closely grouped in a 2-foot-by-2-foot area -- led them to believe the weapon was automatic. According to police, a van pulled up alongside the car, and people began shooting before the van fled.  The car kept moving into the intersection at Chicago Avenue after being sprayed with gunfire. It came to rest after an eastbound vehicle hit it and fled the scene. The impact took part of the gunfire-damaged car’s bumper off.  When police arrived they found the car, several piles of glass that seemed to trace the car’s path, a dozen shell casings and the four gunshot victims.  Police said the rest of the shell casings either kicked back into the shooter's van or were blown outside the crime scene.  One of the victims, a 23-year-old man, died of his wounds at Mount Sinai Hospital, police said.  He was identified as Tyris Ferguson of the 800 block of North St. Louis Avenue, according to the Cook County medical examiner's office.  Shooting, 3500 block West Chicago Avenue Police investigate a shooting Wednesday near Chicago and St. Louis avenues in the Humboldt Park neighborhood, where four people were seriously injured. One person later died. (John J. Kim/Chicago Tribune) Police investigate a shooting Wednesday near Chicago and St. Louis avenues in the Humboldt Park neighborhood, where four people were seriously injured. One person later died. (John J. Kim/Chicago Tribune) See more videos  A 24-year-old man and a 31-year-old man were taken to Stroger Hospital in critical condition.  A 26-year-old man was taken to Northwestern Memorial Hospital, where his condition had stabilized. He was standing on the street and suffered a leg wound, police said.  “Same as it always is,” said a neighbor who asked not to be identified. “Drugs.”  The five killed over the past four weeks were all men: Wednesday's victim; a 21-year-old Tuesday; a 22-year-old Sunday; a 36-year-old Nov. 4; and a 22-year-old Oct. 27. The 15 wounded range in age from 14 to 47 and include three teens shot Oct. 23 in the same block in the latest incident.  Police said Wednesday's shooting was similar to a Saturday homicide that left 22-year-old Anthony Jackson dead in the 700 block of North Hamlin Avenue. In that shooting, someone sprayed Jackson's car with gunfire, police said. He lost control of the car and hit several parked vehicles.  Police set a wide crime scene Wednesday afternoon, though some neighbors ignored the tape. Traffic was closed for blocks in each direction, and CTA buses were rerouted around the area.  Family members of the victims rushed to the south end of the crime scene, ducked under tape and stopped when a neighbor told them the police would lock them up. Their concern was that a relative lay dead in the car.  They and others arrived not long after an ambulance on the way to a hospital drove the wrong way south on St. Louis with a marked police SUV behind it.  Adding to their confusion was that the four shot were taken to three hospitals.  Plainclothes police at the scene wore hoodies and knit caps. Many of the uniformed officers at the scene tried to keep gloved hands warm behind duty vests or in the pockets of overcoats.  Police broke down the crime scene more than two hours later after investigators collected shell casings and filmed the scene. A Chicago Fire Department engine screamed down Chicago Avenue so firefighters could wash blood from the pavement. Cars guarding the scene were released back to regular duty.  Earlier in the day, a 17-year-old boy was shot in the West Woodlawn neighborhood on the South Side.  The shooting happened at 9:30 a.m. in the 6200 block of South King Drive. The teen, who was on the street, felt pain and discovered he was shot, police said.  The teen was taken to Northwestern Memorial Hospital, where his condition had stabilized, police said.