2 people were killed and 4 wounded in a shooting this morning at Wings Cafe on Bloomfield Road in Macon. (Photo: Karli Barnett, 13WMAZ)  Bibb County Sheriff David Davis says Wings Cafe in Macon should shut down after a fatal shooting.  Davis and County Commissioner Al Tillman held a news conference to discuss the shooting, which killed two people and wounded four more.  Tillman agreed that the bar should close, and said he and commissioner Virgil Watkins planned to revoke the bar's license.  Davis even referred to the location as a "hive of hoodlums."  They said it's the third violent incident at the bar.  Davis said at least three people fired shots.  Macon-Bibb County Coroner Leon Jones says the two men who died are 25-year-old Cory Hollingshed,and 34-year-old George Henley, both of Macon.  Hollingshed's longtime girlfriend, Kia Cooper, spoke out.  She and Hollingshed have a one-month-old daughter, who Cooper described as Hollingshed's "little twin."  Cooper said he was a "good person to his friends, family, everybody."  Wings Cafe was not a place he frequented, she explains, but Hollingshed and his friends decided to have a night out.  "It was the wrong place and the wrong time," Cooper shrugs.  The two were about to buy their first home, and she says it still does not feel real.  "It's like I'm waiting on a phone call from him," she says.  The Bibb County sheriff's office says it is still investigating and said they had no information on possible suspects.  According to the sheriff's office, shots were fired around 2 a.m. when a fight broke out at Wings Cafe, at 2822 Bloomfield Drive.  Fight, shooting at Wings Cafe  Both men died in the emergency room at Medical Center Navicent Health.  Davis said Hollingshed and Henley apparently were not armed and were caught in the crossfire.  Four others were shot. They are 29-year-old Markques Patterson, 23-year-old Jacquez Foster, 23-year-old Nastajah Taylor, and 38-year-old Derrick Jackson. They are all in stable condition.  There have now been 11 people shot in Macon in the past week, in four different shootings.  Neighboring businesses gave mixed reaction to the shootings. Some say the area is generally quiet, but others said there are regular fights and disturbances at the Wings Cafe.  Leaving the club around 10 a.m., owner Young Kim said he did not know when the Wings Cafe would reopen. He said he heard the shots while in his office around 2 a.m., but he declined further comment.  The shootings today are not the first homicdes at the club. A man was shot and killed while sitting in his car in the Wings Cafe parking lot in July 2011.  OTHER MACON SHOOTINGS THIS WEEK:  Two men shot in Macon early Saturday  Two teens shot on Lawton Avenue last Friday  Macon man shot on Mimosa Drive on Tuesday  Read or Share this story: http://www.13wmaz.com/story/news/local/macon/2014/12/12/friday-morning-macon-wings-cafe-shooting/20292021/