Police search for masked gunman who killed teen, wounded 3 others  Police say the four teens were in the parking lot of the McDonald's at 6740 N. Clark St. around 3:30 p.m. Wednesday when there was an argument and then gunfire. Carr was shot in the head and collapsed in a driveway next to a strip mall with a pizza restaurant, a dental office and a dollar store.  Markeyo Carr had grabbed a few bucks from his mother and headed to the McDonald's in Rogers Park for something to eat. Minutes later, the 17-year-old lay dead in a driveway near the restaurant, shot by a masked gunman who wounded three other teens.  A girl, about 15, was shot several times and apparently ran into a bathroom in the McDonald's, authorities said. She and an 18-year-old man shot in the lower back were taken to Presence St. Francis Hospital in Evanston in serious condition.  Another 18-year-old man with a gunshot wound to the arm walked into Weiss Memorial Hospital saying he had been shot at the McDonald's, authorities said.  Carr lived about four blocks from the shooting. His aunt, Juanita Carr, said he was the third of five children and was close with his siblings. He was an aspiring musician who recorded demo tapes, she said.  "He mostly just stayed in, rapping and singing," Juanita Carr said.  Carr was a junior at Amundsen High School and was on the swim team, his family said.  The boy's body remained on the scene for hours, covered by a white sheet. After darkness fell, a group of relatives spoke with police officers before walking toward the body with them and then gathering near an idling car. Sobs carried though the winter night from the car, where two woman embraced in a long hug.  No one was in custody this morning and police were releasing no description of the shooter.  Business owners told WGN-TV that at least two cameras may have been pointed at the shooting, and one witness told the station he captured the shooter on his cell phone and turned the video over to police.  The manager of a wine shop across the street said he heard two bursts of gunfire, one apparently inside the restaurant and the second in parking lot.  “That was the last guy that got shot and that was it," he said, asking not to be identified. “I heard the shots, but when I looked everything was all done."  The manager said he called 911 and officers arrived within three to five minutes.  Other residents of the neighborhood said they heard about eight shots.  A woman who works nearby said she rushed to the driveway just south of the restaurant and saw a teenager on the ground, bleeding from the head and not breathing.  "The others had scattered already," said the woman, who did not want to be identified out of fear for her safety.  The woman said that as she approached the McDonald's she saw someone in a mask passing in the opposite direction. The person walked, then ran, away from the restaurant, she said.