INDIANAPOLIS - A suspected narcotics dealer is dead after opening fire on SWAT officers Wednesday evening on the city's south side, police said.  Indianapolis police released the identity of the man early Thursday morning. Investigators said officers defensively shot Andrew Sizemore, 27, killing him.  The shooting happened just before 8 p.m. in the 1600 block of South State Avenue.  Indy SWAT officers were serving a drug warrant to Sizemore, described as a "high-risk felon" at the house of a "known drug family," sources said. IMPD said officers familiar with the house believed illegal drugs were being sold out of the house.  When police arrived to the house, Sizemore reportedly started firing his gun at officers from inside the home, authorities said. IMPD said officers feared for their lives and immediately returned fire, killing the suspect.  “Today’s events should serve as a reminder of the everyday dangers law enforcement officers experience to bring stability and peace to our communities," IMPD Chief Rick Hite said. "The bravery of these officers, when faced with a deadly encounter, should be commended."  Sources confirmed one officer was shot in the arm, one was shot in the leg, one was shot in the vest and another took shrapnel to the face. IMPD said none of the injuries appeared to be life-threatening.  Police said one officer was treated at the scene, two officers were taken to IU Health Methodist Hospital and another officer was taken to Eskenazi Health. IMPD said all of the officers were alert, conscious and listed in good condition. Two officers were expected to stay in the hospital overnight.  Police confirmed all of the officers were men, but their identities were not yet released.  UPDATE: All four officers had been discharged from the hospital as of 6 p.m. Thursday evening.  Four other people were inside the home at the time of the shooting, and they were not injured, police said.  During a search of the home, IMPD said investigators found heroin, hundreds of prescription pills, more than a dozen guns as well as large amounts of suspected stolen material. Items seized had an estimated street value of $500,000-$750,000.  "There's literally a garage full of tools stacked up, not in the norm of what you would have in your garage. To us, it looks like they were taking stolen property in exchange for narcotics," an IMPD spokesman said at a press conference Thursday.  Southeast side Commander John Conley said IMPD is "stepping up its game" to interdict guns and discourage violent crime.  "When you look at the violent crimes that have occurred on the southeast side this year, in every one of those cases the crime has either been solved or we know who the suspect is," Conley said. "The information you've been giving us, we've been acting on, and it's lead to arrests."  Five men were arrested in connection with the incident:  Robert Morgan, 62, arrested for Dealing a Controlled Substance  Justin Williams, 24, arrested for Visiting a Common Nuisance  Paul Beard, 21, arrested for Possession of a Control Substance  Jacob Gobel, 20, arrested for Visiting a Common Nuisance  Andrew Spurlock, 23, arrested for Visiting a Common Nuisance  SHOOTER'S CRIME-LINKED PAST  RTV6 dug up six police reports involving Sizemore, dating back to 2004, with three of them implicating he had a hand in criminal activity.  • When he was 17, he was accused of shoplifting from a Kmart in Indianapolis. No charges were filed.  • At 19 he was charged with criminal trespassing for walking on the property of the Village Pantry on his street. He had been barred from there following a theft incident.  • At 20 he was detained after being connected to a "threat to life" call. Essentially, Sizemore had been found with a man who had driven by a home and allegedly threatened someone with a gun.  Based on police reports, it appears Sizemore lived at the home on State Avenue for at least 8 years.  Watch RTV6 and refresh this page for updates.